ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 48F349B9h
xor     eax, 0EB891E71h
add     eax, 0D0DB3203h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F617B451h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 228267C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0BD02326Ah
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B89E0B3Ah
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 3E45C9D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 6E229622h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 397CA723h
xor     eax, 18F8C1FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CCE45D49h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0B8911172h
xor     eax, 0CDCFB3FDh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 478CC155h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FD5163DFh
xor     eax, 8D2D6AD9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0F8D75576h
xor     eax, 3D0B0460h
xor     eax, 3A99DA51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0A3745146h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 3A2DCFA5h
sub     eax, 2F1FA8B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7A0D8D63h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DCCF9885h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 5AADAB49h
xor     eax, 0EB7A1635h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 6BCFB616h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2602E0C4h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5F173590h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0DBF77CB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 924F7AE9h
xor     eax, 0CFC7B69Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4470D63Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C7421CB1h
add     eax, 0E7ED498Ch
sub     eax, 579EC89Fh
sub     eax, 0DFF3B6CFh
sub     eax, 2C31583Ah
xor     eax, 30F45D9Eh
add     eax, 0C8E84E4Dh
add     eax, 2C3E11C7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0A2FB8BEBh
xor     eax, 0B7449162h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5758F5B6h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 968CBE86h
xor     eax, 0E28FE19Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9A4838AFh
add     eax, 0A8A34AA3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 96EA8646h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D7E46CF3h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0B07F3D5Ah
sub     eax, 1E2EEB31h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F311D2C3h
add     eax, 76910EAEh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 2420CC14h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7A30493Eh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 10A1DBF0h
xor     eax, 64E5422Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AB29C5EFh
add     eax, 0BC475E1Ch
add     eax, 0AABA42CFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D5A8B224h
xor     eax, 286BF671h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 568087FCh
add     eax, 992AA82Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FFB8F9CEh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 37BC0E74h
sub     eax, 0ECC9C344h
sub     eax, 9B85282Ah
sub     eax, 82943AEDh
xor     eax, 0E3B35EE1h
xor     eax, 89342BE5h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 79A615B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EEE8D349h
add     eax, 0F0D5A601h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0B886C072h
add     eax, 0E39B4268h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E1DC8FA7h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 7B568901h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E90BF266h
sub     eax, 0DFB940BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1047FBDCh
xor     eax, 0E953EA74h
xor     eax, 746B88D0h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 21D3113Dh
add     eax, 4F7A2F34h
sub     eax, 6E414094h
xor     eax, 97294228h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 4FB04B17h
add     eax, 374FCFD9h
sub     eax, 220FE9ADh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 8B85B14Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 71E749C4h
xor     eax, 9437CBA5h
sub     eax, 0A0D6D612h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 344CF7E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 43BB4958h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 4ABBF21Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 7943BE93h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E8D9ADBDh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0AA8397F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E49CDCA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 56197F7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5BE3DCD3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DBAA9B12h
sub     eax, 71E9787Eh
add     eax, 1E5D46ADh
add     eax, 0D765E531h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0B8612E48h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0F28B3C62h
add     eax, 5D3BE76Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DDB25BE7h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 1B398A00h
add     eax, 5E16725Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 60AAEF77h
add     eax, 53EBAD87h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0F3DA0118h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 38163739h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 2954C626h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0B1FFDDADh
add     eax, 1F99127Fh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9289E1F5h
add     eax, 0DB5566D1h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 349F9FD4h
add     eax, 49468D24h
xor     eax, 0CD4AD63Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 207A05C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0B8B92D02h
xor     eax, 0DE7647EFh
xor     eax, 0BE83B650h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 345C7648h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 5EA295FAh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0AB46C994h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B02BF3CEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 73767311h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 49763D9Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 25F825AEh
xor     eax, 572179B4h
xor     eax, 0C2C320D9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7CA8E658h
sub     eax, 91A636EAh
add     eax, 2818E0D3h
add     eax, 6D4E8468h
sub     eax, 96D567FBh
xor     eax, 0DDD7D6A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0CF9BA648h
add     eax, 0A1DFF920h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0F2F61D22h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 8ADC1E70h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C5AD0C9Dh
sub     eax, 23EFDAE0h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9E30A1D9h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 9A75DA81h
add     eax, 577659AAh
xor     eax, 0D5979E63h
xor     eax, 0A6DBA8BFh
add     eax, 73EF19FFh
add     eax, 0DA22DDF8h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0F40B1CBAh
add     eax, 5235A90Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0D859BA3Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0B0569365h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 97C8EB39h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 73BBBA5Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 41693B92h
add     eax, 0B32B5267h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 689D21CCh
xor     eax, 868EB9B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 22E238B7h
sub     eax, 0D81E426Fh
xor     eax, 0B63E4E98h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7CBDB5F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7405F045h
xor     eax, 0B0296DD2h
xor     eax, 7EB2CEDFh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0B923CF06h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 98C3AD8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4F94A9BDh
xor     eax, 261C97A2h
add     eax, 0D5386450h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0C95A71C6h
xor     eax, 47C92C9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 746BAE5Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 31EE3577h
sub     eax, 0BF299390h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0D61D5300h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 23A4B530h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 38B07F7Fh
xor     eax, 0FB677D12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 99C7CED2h
add     eax, 0EA9233BDh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5AD7672Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 340B39B5h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 21C75364h
sub     eax, 4F04600Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 795E8D00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0A7DFD04Dh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 5CB80F83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AF2D5479h
add     eax, 15D1F8B3h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 4794A468h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0B744CDE9h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F6AB77E4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1F855002h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0F8279816h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0E0D9FBB7h
add     eax, 17ABC515h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EBAA56E1h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 630C6B65h
xor     eax, 4CF73CC6h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0B3852A44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E4B988Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0C69D8897h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 2C3472EDh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 80E37CA8h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9B6FB91Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AF214D21h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 759E5504h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C0C13893h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 789D2594h
sub     eax, 6C972F14h
add     eax, 0DC9E7F3Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9584B3F5h
add     eax, 6AEB3A2Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 26ED183Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0C879E970h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0ACD02C3Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E63C2B9Bh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 1FB5FD42h
sub     eax, 0F9FC6355h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2F488EFFh
xor     eax, 0C69620E9h
xor     eax, 42E81B86h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0C8670062h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 9291A18Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0BFF4606Eh
xor     eax, 0CE3F969Ah
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0D5B84803h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DD3022CAh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E849C16Ah
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 46A1CADEh
add     eax, 6A1BD94Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4659E7F2h
add     eax, 3B5FE299h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 597778BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 561AA1F0h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 91844F46h
xor     eax, 1671CEDFh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 9BEEC4BDh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0A1939DA3h
xor     eax, 53792DC5h
xor     eax, 51F66319h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 6C24841Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FD206471h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BC09983Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 1947FC55h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 8F221173h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ABDF0EBEh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0BC974BF2h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B4DC8EDEh
xor     eax, 0E99D41A8h
add     eax, 8B13A583h
add     eax, 4D2973FAh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 59A56414h
xor     eax, 74DB3D79h
add     eax, 250345C1h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 5B30997Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C3932CA7h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E9AF7B69h
sub     eax, 0F6BEDB2Dh
xor     eax, 0F9B00958h
xor     eax, 0B6947FE8h
sub     eax, 6D8F7C59h
add     eax, 0A3A14BE0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 15699CD0h
sub     eax, 79826733h
xor     eax, 0B25687A9h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0B75A547Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 294F0C5Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 7F96684Dh
xor     eax, 0DB5ABECEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C726088Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D5DA8A7h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0CAFF05A1h
xor     eax, 0E47002F3h
sub     eax, 370FD83Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0C0C98F0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0FF6FA998h
sub     eax, 6EB5958Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 79EB4258h
xor     eax, 0B1FA7A8Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0BB3F0B1Ah
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0B29A595Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D0B0E318h
add     eax, 75DB39F0h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1C8840EDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DB8706E1h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BCAC2081h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 9C60CBAFh
add     eax, 2BE27FB7h
xor     eax, 0B1254AAEh
xor     eax, 25E9CA1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 95AD64EBh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BB5542BAh
sub     eax, 2D5F06A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7918AA79h
add     eax, 7CE890B4h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 14A08ED0h
add     eax, 0C1AF7EAFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 38056F00h
xor     eax, 661A52BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 672DDE7Dh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 6B306ED2h
xor     eax, 2A567D04h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 850B16D5h
sub     eax, 92D1DC12h
xor     eax, 0CDCE543Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2F265A9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7B32BB25h
sub     eax, 52FA0FE6h
xor     eax, 2C2367FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 13D0E3C2h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 445EE0FFh
sub     eax, 0B51F3C44h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 1BE976A6h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0BCA90D40h
add     eax, 627005E1h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0C9490DD8h
sub     eax, 6AB9A9B1h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0CF2EF533h
xor     eax, 0FB9C64B5h
add     eax, 68F25F81h
xor     eax, 6BF00BA6h
not     eax
add     eax, 81537D78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 9A31B929h
xor     eax, 94E36CB7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 3260CA41h
add     eax, 996BE902h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 51CE25BEh
sub     eax, 0C9B42086h
not     eax
add     eax, 74098388h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7C10197Fh
xor     eax, 0BB447C7Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C8E3C1F6h
xor     eax, 0B04F9F5Bh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8E84EA10h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 4ECD19A4h
xor     eax, 3BE0DE16h
add     eax, 5C4FFA3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8DFB062Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0EFD144DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 51F32385h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EB8CD622h
add     eax, 7CAB8642h
sub     eax, 0CF73D4E2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E030223Dh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0E5B5E0B4h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 3B9D2D32h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 71A46584h
sub     eax, 459CC396h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2E4F3E35h
xor     eax, 0E7FD8DFEh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0E4AFA263h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 5068E81Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0ED31B1FDh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 671D8E3Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 488A1DD7h
xor     eax, 56A3AFA6h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 42C600C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0E4DFFE1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 1B0BBCDCh
xor     eax, 6E53E268h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 190EB268h
xor     eax, 0F15AD13Dh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 23F76339h
xor     eax, 391C7190h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 534C26A8h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0D5E9DFC9h
xor     eax, 0DDD7182Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 702BA4A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7AC23C64h
xor     eax, 0A07D13B4h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 35129D4Fh
sub     eax, 0D6483DEAh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 2F9C5C0Eh
add     eax, 22376961h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A799BFFCh
sub     eax, 0F57E34D1h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 9F24CCC8h
add     eax, 498FF9BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D620D96Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 101E5E4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8D330FC4h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0ED6B0930h
sub     eax, 4AD0A28Eh
sub     eax, 5D95F5A9h
add     eax, 0F4FB5840h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 61BC52A4h
sub     eax, 94B3FAD6h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 2A5DD8DAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 2844ED2Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 2626EB59h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5E3D802Fh
sub     eax, 0EC8CC1F5h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0E03F4E49h
add     eax, 6AD3DF1Ch
sub     eax, 5E778B6Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 45797C14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 662C4F4Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7A1CC35Bh
add     eax, 63CC638Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7DCAFB61h
sub     eax, 0AEF4E25Ch
xor     eax, 0FA512C7Fh
sub     eax, 5F3A080Ch
add     eax, 345715E3h
xor     eax, 22C7C57Ah
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0ADB7613Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AA236F22h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 16565E8Dh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1BEFB43Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0B590CE45h
sub     eax, 7A79F5F3h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 3CC055CDh
sub     eax, 9964EEECh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 76C94F1Dh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0FA4073FDh
add     eax, 0DD67B03Ch
sub     eax, 35882FD5h
xor     eax, 99B2007Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 164676B2h
xor     eax, 22F23D48h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B741A0FEh
add     eax, 0D11A9AAFh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0B44A3835h
xor     eax, 2E1E36B6h
add     eax, 3003D256h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0DECA6083h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0B358C53Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D0A6DA8Bh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0BE652A60h
xor     eax, 0F538F1E4h
xor     eax, 883DF9A0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CDA97D27h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0AE233172h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DF695FA8h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 2E0E6938h
add     eax, 8E615342h
xor     eax, 4505F780h
add     eax, 56E0D886h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0D7F1E580h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 22E7DDD8h
xor     eax, 97BD8618h
xor     eax, 95BEA364h
sub     eax, 95C31B37h
add     eax, 626EF954h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 16C4AAD2h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0F26599C8h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F8DE5460h
sub     eax, 0DFDA10B1h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0CD6514FFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 5C70801Fh
add     eax, 2AD475B5h
add     eax, 0F48038DEh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 90BEAEE3h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0C9FD0D07h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 2D49D067h
xor     eax, 0F5FB6C09h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 722772DFh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 25005CBBh
sub     eax, 6D2472A4h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 9800EC7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FF90A91Eh
sub     eax, 0C56B06A4h
sub     eax, 0B0373C17h
sub     eax, 8867B063h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0B3CC8EEEh
add     eax, 3BF2581Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 57CA733Ah
add     eax, 0C952FB18h
sub     eax, 4AFD30D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 16FB55BAh
xor     eax, 0DCBE234Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6A5A74ABh
sub     eax, 3C8157D3h
xor     eax, 6D1E15F2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0E53209BCh
not     eax
add     eax, 69A74225h
add     eax, 777B181Eh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 4FD11512h
sub     eax, 341C6E33h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 3C13DF38h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A1507107h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2D31C185h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 9C6B4C61h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0E40E3C64h
sub     eax, 467CF246h
sub     eax, 83F6FC8Dh
xor     eax, 0A15D81CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 958FE419h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0A1E65AE7h
sub     eax, 0BD0B1357h
xor     eax, 0E77EA067h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 2C5B506Ch
sub     eax, 4CC0719Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 888718BBh
sub     eax, 0CF011F8Bh
add     eax, 0BECDAF51h
xor     eax, 5A669F45h
xor     eax, 0BB6ED72Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0F36ED4F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0B4BD376Fh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 1B7D02C5h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 9CABED05h
add     eax, 0F3ED9091h
not     eax
add     eax, 898A8022h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0FC71379Ah
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0FB7D756Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8941E0C7h
sub     eax, 0CDBF293Dh
sub     eax, 9CCAB065h
sub     eax, 0D3E8276Ah
sub     eax, 773FEFC2h
not     eax
add     eax, 35C2E7D2h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0EC690087h
add     eax, 649EEEE7h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 89C181E7h
sub     eax, 88CC937Fh
add     eax, 66E0F752h
add     eax, 97CE8BA6h
sub     eax, 0EDBC9CC0h
xor     eax, 31315E23h
add     eax, 633B6A0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A3EB3E28h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 3BDE451Dh
sub     eax, 0F8463403h
xor     eax, 924938D0h
add     eax, 8B1664ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A94C0CC8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B77A3E37h
add     eax, 848F6FAAh
xor     eax, 0C0F7B4A9h
add     eax, 885EDC6Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4E997B62h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 64CCF10Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D0546A0Ch
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A4D4BB02h
add     eax, 15B525C0h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 66A2563Fh
add     eax, 0B586A533h
xor     eax, 0A5E7CEA5h
add     eax, 30646855h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4B55F02Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5601114Dh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0AF34FB13h
not     eax
add     eax, 279E129Ah
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DF9ED2B7h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 276B30DBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 37B45F61h
xor     eax, 1E52D187h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0AAE6E0C5h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 579A926Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4EA5F716h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0F8CD8814h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A9782C56h
sub     eax, 0E94ED2A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 96F81B07h
xor     eax, 50846CEFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3F90A5CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 2F42D261h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0B72B5D3Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0E28CC72Eh
xor     eax, 798B620Dh
xor     eax, 8E5BADA5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 3766DD56h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 47DEFED4h
add     eax, 520EFEECh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B311E3B6h
add     eax, 20C698FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0DF2E1631h
xor     eax, 9F7EEB8Ch
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 683E8CBEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6914A6ECh
sub     eax, 8B32C758h
xor     eax, 0B1DAB1F0h
xor     eax, 52F5B565h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 6D7F774Ch
xor     eax, 0F1814341h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BE4F6E72h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F05F5210h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0F4F393C3h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7DB57C48h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0EA12BA46h
add     eax, 14891E9Dh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 642E834Ch
sub     eax, 0CA171770h
sub     eax, 9EF56775h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D17C3559h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 670D5AF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4DD8640Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 886253C4h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 7D6B2B3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 858BB7F0h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 112B6D76h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D7E7CE06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 8936BFF4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0DDAE4930h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0FB02CD5Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 8020F50Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 6D4722FEh
add     eax, 76F04044h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 60B9907Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 7442785Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F394A9A7h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 5F8E2323h
sub     eax, 0EA1DDE3Ah
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0CA2FB781h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E8ACFC0Fh
xor     eax, 81D9DCB3h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 52FE9AF0h
sub     eax, 0D2FA84CFh
xor     eax, 9B3480D5h
add     eax, 0F394F259h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C893EC4Fh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2E15B0C0h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4E34FA4Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 7100F1A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 51CD9AECh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 41ED5BD3h
add     eax, 466FDC78h
add     eax, 0A9E4412Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 55BA74EEh
sub     eax, 0F985753Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0F42EF98Ch
sub     eax, 4EF5F4F7h
add     eax, 6700A9E3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 5BF058C7h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3CF7D413h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0D5F036B3h
add     eax, 0A69F320Ch
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 838763D9h
sub     eax, 93EA0491h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F139BBF9h
add     eax, 226281A0h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 68598B0Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 3BA4216Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D2E9F10Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B15A472Ch
xor     eax, 6D4DB127h
add     eax, 4D67B1A2h
add     eax, 98430441h
sub     eax, 0E2728993h
sub     eax, 14B58E95h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 54BFF1D9h
add     eax, 0C2F4427Ch
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0D9757972h
add     eax, 0C11686E5h
xor     eax, 57599E65h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0D07C7871h
sub     eax, 46CB2DAFh
sub     eax, 73BC28A8h
add     eax, 78F74F82h
add     eax, 6B468BA9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1D72CCC5h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A2E6A02Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AC46CFDAh
xor     eax, 9DD49B68h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 78290DEEh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0EC5F0578h
sub     eax, 2313C239h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 8D159DE1h
add     eax, 330F0669h
add     eax, 0D0E3F63Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 9374807Dh
add     eax, 0B7752E1Ah
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0EB9B7596h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0A61C727Fh
xor     eax, 0BF359D47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E37EDADBh
xor     eax, 500BC87Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 45E34EE6h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D14EF117h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 618FFEDAh
add     eax, 4CDF02F5h
xor     eax, 0F54ABBB4h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2AC43BC8h
xor     eax, 2C5B17E7h
sub     eax, 86A0882Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D0E26562h
sub     eax, 8F09E136h
add     eax, 7E8AC79Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 4519E9C3h
xor     eax, 0C67168AFh
sub     eax, 0C1CF5C7Ah
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 10A94F1Dh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0A3D3EA2Fh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0B75C8E60h
add     eax, 7FC7800Ch
sub     eax, 5D7D2679h
add     eax, 40476262h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E3B9A41Ch
sub     eax, 0A1B2C7FEh
sub     eax, 9F5B9E55h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 34C778F4h
add     eax, 21A523BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E6775476h
add     eax, 9FE80648h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ABB61B03h
xor     eax, 0CF713E0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E3510359h
xor     eax, 551F29B3h
add     eax, 6FD3F7EAh
add     eax, 0CAFCBC94h
add     eax, 0EDE8B4F2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0D5D57112h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 4F263590h
sub     eax, 61AF5F55h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 39C163C9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FBBF2C36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 3A4A22D4h
add     eax, 81B756BBh
add     eax, 6568FAD6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DC4BB5D6h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0AB9259B6h
xor     eax, 24A4F840h
xor     eax, 4A1565A8h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 94FCF540h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0F84132B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 35ADD3D1h
add     eax, 0BAF1A520h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5B307C7Dh
xor     eax, 0CE97E4B9h
xor     eax, 0E51BBAABh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0AE6B44CBh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8D3DC2C0h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 70DA2A47h
add     eax, 863B2769h
add     eax, 0E202B24Ch
add     eax, 0FAEAB85Bh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0F9E9C944h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 83AD35AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 47ED080Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 83305CE7h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 5946EB55h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 4107C30Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AC620192h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 8CAA5C54h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 2C20E0A7h
sub     eax, 40B89A8Dh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0A05444F9h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 2AD8D7E8h
xor     eax, 4A16A93Fh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0BAFEF3B0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D0AA2F1Ch
sub     eax, 9B818C20h
add     eax, 0FC6CE5C3h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 8A8B6F3Ah
sub     eax, 0C68B54D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9CBAF358h
add     eax, 9B27D448h
xor     eax, 8A387B1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 20B6CA81h
add     eax, 73C9F365h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0B02ABC01h
xor     eax, 0C7F5D6DFh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3188A54Fh
add     eax, 71F9040Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 566E59A7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 222D9A5Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 138461ECh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 829DB090h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0AF8AB898h
xor     eax, 74C20ABEh
add     eax, 3BEE6285h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6278FAEEh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C72C6741h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AEA83CAAh
sub     eax, 2F158DE6h
add     eax, 0D135BE4Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0DB0DD557h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 1E25D3EDh
add     eax, 34571285h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0D95BA7B9h
xor     eax, 0F9BBEF31h
add     eax, 87FBBC70h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA044F8Ch
xor     eax, 0EAE49489h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8166AE90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 778AF652h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0C766572Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8000A835h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D74F18F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8D4E3A48h
add     eax, 62CE4538h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8500A23Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B44AE283h
not     eax
xor     eax, 86F6DE34h
add     eax, 8F4DEFC6h
xor     eax, 22D2A8EFh
sub     eax, 239F9041h
sub     eax, 9CD8BB4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1DD4EF30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 10DD7011h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 85512375h
sub     eax, 0DDA5D425h
sub     eax, 59EDD226h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FC155057h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 95CB5642h
xor     eax, 871E88AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0E236B151h
xor     eax, 728C63ECh
sub     eax, 0B335D37Eh
sub     eax, 0DB0CF6C5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8317BB7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 56894394h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 856C0FF0h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0ED747FE8h
add     eax, 3B5575CDh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 43D1AC6Ch
xor     eax, 43897D79h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0C5F50E4Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 1CE7E0DAh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C81CD2FEh
xor     eax, 77776D8Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D7E56906h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A92CB08Ch
add     eax, 0D18F2482h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A44BD205h
xor     eax, 9B880F22h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0CF1208BFh
xor     eax, 4E379AC1h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2BE654F5h
sub     eax, 0A9C5B0E7h
xor     eax, 0B94C701Dh
xor     eax, 0CE8A7492h
xor     eax, 1502165Fh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 74688882h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4EA77158h
xor     eax, 8A511608h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 347186B2h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 61C5D07Eh
sub     eax, 506BBA4Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0EFFCF9B5h
add     eax, 2325BD20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 33BA66CDh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0B8A7F174h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 92659141h
add     eax, 3641768Fh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0E08AECABh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4ADDFEE6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 83E0338Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F737182Ah
sub     eax, 11645FABh
add     eax, 0F43E3AFAh
add     eax, 0BE6B54DBh
sub     eax, 67FF516Fh
add     eax, 0FDCAAF1Bh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0C10A78E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1320A1A7h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0A4D9CEDDh
add     eax, 9CC747ECh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 7D0F18B2h
sub     eax, 88093FECh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 13DD1DC7h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0F8CFFDDDh
xor     eax, 2357BFB8h
xor     eax, 0E3D84ECFh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0A0949DADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 9ACA7C4Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 5A07394Bh
add     eax, 441BEBE3h
xor     eax, 0AE7B8AD4h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0DA08637Dh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0AE725FEFh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 2C070655h
add     eax, 0BD2D43E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 146014ABh
add     eax, 8C377D78h
xor     eax, 5D3F2825h
xor     eax, 947C0FC8h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0DFB7BA74h
sub     eax, 0A6D952C2h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0B5958C84h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0DC65F855h
sub     eax, 8F86D860h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A1D8695Fh
add     eax, 199464BAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8B91F3AEh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6DE498E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 619539F2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0C14DF5D5h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0E7470B32h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 8479EB30h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EDA4DE3Fh
sub     eax, 4273D7A1h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0C95ADFDAh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0B8793C63h
add     eax, 28B91E14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 89A7F03Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8A61DACEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 41C7C3F6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ECB64E87h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8ED016EFh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 7BAF750Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F6BA3851h
xor     eax, 3FB9FFF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0D0366F8Ch
add     eax, 932F1AFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2B191842h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0FC8AEDBAh
xor     eax, 464A350Dh
sub     eax, 0E7EA2554h
add     eax, 0B7938F23h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 82D46C1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 7D4E007Dh
sub     eax, 4D3AD42Ah
sub     eax, 0FE340550h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 3B3223B3h
xor     eax, 48003CCCh
sub     eax, 0B551E10Bh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 8A53DCEEh
xor     eax, 553504DBh
xor     eax, 0F5EF1334h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 94958384h
add     eax, 2F59AC9Eh
add     eax, 0C979BE97h
add     eax, 0F07E0AFBh
sub     eax, 8D17BFB5h
sub     eax, 0BC996F7Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0E1DF639Ch
xor     eax, 773C5241h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CB111419h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0DA83903Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D3120629h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E724EA0Dh
add     eax, 0BFFBEE91h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0B5F7DDF9h
sub     eax, 0C5358B02h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4848B761h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D83B2350h
add     eax, 56AA74DAh
xor     eax, 0ABD05670h
add     eax, 97A8C3FCh
add     eax, 91BBD59Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 8327BD10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 24A6136Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 0FB093FB6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 262EB978h
sub     eax, 0E857F1F5h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 7BAE24D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 511AF14Dh
add     eax, 0EF3A70E3h
xor     eax, 0DDE7099Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7AECF970h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 84D7E062h
sub     eax, 82CCB7EAh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 99EA0568h
not     eax
xor     eax, 75FB8165h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 4FE76FB2h
xor     eax, 767C0300h
not     eax
add     eax, 817E8AAFh
sub     eax, 0DBC86D1Dh
xor     eax, 27BD0EBBh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 1B3EDBF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 3D4EDCDDh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E861D7C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CAC8E989h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0E74F200Ch
sub     eax, 0D16D9DFCh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0B07C17AEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 69A24FC8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2F0A6F3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F00047D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 5038ABDEh
add     eax, 60970BBAh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0C1188A19h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 17190C3Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 8EDDA3A9h
add     eax, 263E94A6h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0ADB3730Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 29683309h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16BAC60Bh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8FEBA00Eh
xor     eax, 965F4059h
add     eax, 822A35E8h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 1860F941h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4D8221F7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D0B878F2h
sub     eax, 0E2029068h
sub     eax, 0DEC838BAh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0AD052721h
add     eax, 0A57E0173h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2A15E971h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0B4783E38h
sub     eax, 5A612B4Dh
sub     eax, 76C415BCh
add     eax, 0B8573FA7h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F27CFD41h
xor     eax, 0DF31FE12h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0E8D56298h
add     eax, 0EE2CD93Ch
add     eax, 3A046241h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 6135AA9Dh
sub     eax, 80EE57EDh
not     eax
add     eax, 7FB12298h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0F7A7EBBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8C95F5D4h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 78454016h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B4CF003Ch
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0BFF798F1h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 8611A3E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0DEE8DBEFh
sub     eax, 0A94F900Ch
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 2B41D7D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 1E6902F4h
add     eax, 18752A87h
add     eax, 0CE7D0F54h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 85327381h
xor     eax, 0FF40FEDBh
xor     eax, 3A560B61h
sub     eax, 54EF4D9Dh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0CB06260Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C784F154h
add     eax, 0B5985C0Dh
xor     eax, 3886324Fh
sub     eax, 9ED7E31Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 817568F6h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7D2CA71Ch
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 324CE5E8h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F375FBD6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8A7B6037h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 2095743Dh
add     eax, 7A868D40h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 26E6FE39h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 64AF5B95h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 8BC6D46Dh
sub     eax, 65ECDB34h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 487FE87Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B35B89ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 72F53455h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 1B2039D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 64F03091h
add     eax, 82B754D7h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0ECD8CFB6h
xor     eax, 18537A30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 3447F2C6h
add     eax, 5713AAB3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 344C37A7h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 5C828E39h
not     eax
xor     eax, 37F0FD8Fh
add     eax, 0B3AFBF92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1A8A41CDh
xor     eax, 0AB393AC0h
add     eax, 487961A2h
xor     eax, 0CFA1D453h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 19C8614Dh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 14FF0E54h
add     eax, 5B4C3F65h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0D4B4C891h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0F16EB369h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0B2CC2D37h
sub     eax, 0FABB8BD9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0BCA5B813h
sub     eax, 199C526Dh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 269CAF12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8FA71BEBh
xor     eax, 0BCC11EF6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 5D42FFB6h
add     eax, 362E2805h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0E5685BA9h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 677D0605h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 22662942h
add     eax, 4C8D1499h
xor     eax, 719ADEAFh
sub     eax, 0B3AAEEDFh
sub     eax, 85BD5710h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 92688B41h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0CA8FD586h
sub     eax, 4706662Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 627BA061h
sub     eax, 0A72FF381h
add     eax, 0C0AC5877h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 57F2BD4Fh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0A0D26197h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0C44306ACh
sub     eax, 406CC6F4h
sub     eax, 5EE58FB4h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 5317ABD7h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0B85D3A4Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0E7F6450Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 26DE4AFCh
xor     eax, 0F4B0A254h
sub     eax, 6D66C6AEh
add     eax, 6FBE98FDh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0F03210D8h
add     eax, 0DB10878Ah
sub     eax, 1C860EF0h
add     eax, 7A169513h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 723C2414h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 748FE0B3h
xor     eax, 3F46CF92h
not     eax
add     eax, 9EBCE4E4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0A851E193h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2BA54131h
sub     eax, 13375A6Dh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4C691CB9h
sub     eax, 4891CC39h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0B7666383h
sub     eax, 0E00AF59Eh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 3A9FCBEFh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0A2AAAA52h
xor     eax, 0F28061B0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E0CF7608h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 3CD850B5h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2719BF0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E902C756h
xor     eax, 8BDFCA0Bh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 7F5C2CC8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E54D9AEBh
sub     eax, 0C5F78FC0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 72DBB55Ch
add     eax, 0AA2C564Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 6C355290h
xor     eax, 0C85D6BEEh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 936C0F08h
xor     eax, 0DA8EBCEEh
sub     eax, 80675434h
sub     eax, 24A219C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5F3850D4h
xor     eax, 941740C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0C3835B48h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0A0EE216Eh
add     eax, 2BF474ACh
sub     eax, 0BCFA505Ch
sub     eax, 0CFD30ED9h
sub     eax, 0F37F3C7Fh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0EBF0428Dh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 7E41E0E7h
xor     eax, 2C2479A3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CB62B251h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D52E07Eh
sub     eax, 72343EADh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 986EE916h
add     eax, 0DBF69FA8h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C37CDC7Fh
add     eax, 0DD810F01h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 292380B4h
add     eax, 0FC5514EFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 28C4A16Fh
sub     eax, 1A917ECBh
add     eax, 6C83ECD9h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E785C8E7h
add     eax, 34C9EC1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 8A5EEE41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 9D0DE472h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 4262F3DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E650E857h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 1E1C8AD2h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3C484618h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 6B5754A9h
xor     eax, 3F68F60Fh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 72C46778h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 41F29BC6h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 914BECBFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 70229582h
add     eax, 0A98244ECh
sub     eax, 0FCF3CA5Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0DB04C106h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 703B3FD8h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0FA8461D0h
add     eax, 0D2FED994h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0A811C870h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B0B22BA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0DCFA45ACh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 1FB78CCEh
sub     eax, 22E4F903h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0BCB00593h
xor     eax, 3231AA8Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 1A96159Eh
add     eax, 95E88652h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 696103EFh
sub     eax, 5B32C28Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 543DC9D9h
add     eax, 0B6DD9BE1h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0FF3261C8h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 8F0D4D85h
xor     eax, 4BAB84DEh
sub     eax, 6C9A1C57h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 5380EC32h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 9AF0F4DAh
xor     eax, 3C6437B4h
xor     eax, 0E288F2FDh
add     eax, 0A0B317F8h
sub     eax, 836CCE46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 3F7A0FB0h
xor     eax, 51A50C7Eh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 4C81901Ah
sub     eax, 0B5C448F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CD861C92h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F568258Bh
add     eax, 0FFE48626h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 44A17D3Ah
add     eax, 0DB14BB5Fh
add     eax, 368EA754h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0C358AA07h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 56A53482h
xor     eax, 57DAB800h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E44D9883h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0D547A5C0h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 166182BBh
sub     eax, 9D4D2785h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 7A34709Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 8AC22D9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6BEEEABDh
xor     eax, 0F8FC139Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 491CF0C8h
sub     eax, 2D9C5C3Eh
add     eax, 0ABB3D7E0h
add     eax, 0C40B1714h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 6C9059B7h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0DEA534C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 2ED3C08Fh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 4CA49317h
not     eax
add     eax, 826F2640h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BD9309EAh
sub     eax, 874E525Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0EAD76E0Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 3ECBA36Fh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 2CB956E5h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CC66D7D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 778DE0C6h
xor     eax, 0EDA87256h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 1E0BF24Dh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0B9A5C5BBh
sub     eax, 15129069h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 205C3E87h
sub     eax, 0B5983E0Eh
sub     eax, 58E04719h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 2B4D4A1Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CD737DA0h
add     eax, 0AF45B2E0h
xor     eax, 0CFE32079h
xor     eax, 0FCC2E229h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 19F5E963h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 314D9805h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BB04B9ACh
sub     eax, 65938D0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0AA7CC116h
xor     eax, 5BF59229h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CFFF5E57h
xor     eax, 0D434BDDAh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 2B010041h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FADFCE02h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0E8D2DA3Dh
xor     eax, 6A373F7Fh
add     eax, 2761AFFAh
xor     eax, 8999E360h
add     eax, 0CF70F1C3h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0A31FE5D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AB99F667h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 59B836FAh
add     eax, 86722B56h
sub     eax, 0A66D6333h
xor     eax, 8E993817h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 994574A9h
sub     eax, 720F47CBh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0A3052F30h
add     eax, 14A500E4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0C316FB1Dh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0A894BB5Eh
add     eax, 8F6A92D7h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0E771B059h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 5A9A8D0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 241E409Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 10244856h
add     eax, 0B443FE0Bh
xor     eax, 4EF4629Bh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0C3D7F5D6h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 25FF2009h
add     eax, 7BCC5CB3h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2BE60C3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DBA38AA6h
add     eax, 9A041226h
not     eax
add     eax, 391072A3h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 1A55497Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 1EE13D57h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B8CFA2A8h
sub     eax, 9ECFAEBFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 626E808Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 4C66FDB7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0F68D8D1Bh
sub     eax, 0CD3ED76Ah
sub     eax, 0C1CFB6A5h
sub     eax, 3071D117h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0A6E9AC22h
add     eax, 5B8A1C57h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 83ABFFD3h
add     eax, 0F7CED406h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 4693B5B4h
sub     eax, 0B50F5F64h
add     eax, 0B0D824F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5AA8D25Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 7C8AA412h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 509F4C1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 453C46EBh
sub     eax, 0C961A20Fh
add     eax, 3E6246FCh
add     eax, 38DE851Eh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 9F9DA2E6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 980425A2h
add     eax, 2B5F7906h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B0F94DC1h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 81947329h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F7A30223h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E18B6554h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 727A4775h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CD00831Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 5D8B4C60h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9BBF80E4h
xor     eax, 3D438D4Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0B2265BD5h
sub     eax, 9A4554A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 353BBB88h
sub     eax, 6DBAD0A1h
sub     eax, 0D7DF84B2h
sub     eax, 0F13F3466h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F85D1041h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E7591078h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7C86CAB2h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 38127000h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C50E7CA7h
add     eax, 26517E52h
xor     eax, 91783962h
add     eax, 5B2FCA12h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B02459B8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7B1EBDE2h
xor     eax, 16FB3026h
xor     eax, 0C00E7794h
xor     eax, 0F50C0D33h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0D3DE5C2Bh
sub     eax, 252D9716h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B412B500h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 65CD20C9h
add     eax, 4FA7DE9Ch
sub     eax, 0EDA649AFh
add     eax, 0B802FE6Eh
add     eax, 536A72C0h
sub     eax, 81C3CC29h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 43E0BD95h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4296633Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9F9F0C94h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0E671CCFAh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0F4D99DFFh
add     eax, 5B418A57h
xor     eax, 0F2E21563h
xor     eax, 5F60C38Eh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 8B7C0FC1h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 91B0E063h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FFA2A208h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 757BF96Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F4ADC3C4h
add     eax, 719935C0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CA67E42Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D4BBD50Ah
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2ED14DE6h
sub     eax, 9BF979A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 25B79FC3h
xor     eax, 13CA9B9Bh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CBE25EC1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E283424Fh
xor     eax, 0E0765F87h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 53AC8108h
xor     eax, 48BC920Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 1DA0F86Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CD18D1C8h
xor     eax, 87E59215h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1EC1A90Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0CB78C4D2h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0FE2F7D7Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 4F57AE4Dh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A106482Bh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 242A93B6h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 9762D244h
sub     eax, 8D621717h
add     eax, 0BEDA0770h
add     eax, 32065253h
xor     eax, 0D6D5AF04h
add     eax, 3D967258h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0F7504E50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9C6DF52Bh
xor     eax, 0CD6AE854h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0A849B21Ch
add     eax, 0EA126644h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 6584B900h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 84CE183Dh
sub     eax, 1F394E33h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0EE59F661h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 8A03B440h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 612A0470h
sub     eax, 7DE4B73Ch
add     eax, 0E6A2C8E8h
sub     eax, 8188A972h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 6901C4A4h
add     eax, 620F850Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 5680C10Fh
xor     eax, 0FBE926BDh
not     eax
add     eax, 512010F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 28A86E60h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F3209C17h
add     eax, 18C7C6D0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DF4D0A6Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0F4CC065Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 57636B5Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0A0254925h
xor     eax, 0A5D33D74h
sub     eax, 0F10894CDh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 490BA62Bh
xor     eax, 7DF28A3Ch
sub     eax, 9040DC67h
sub     eax, 48D51A90h
not     eax
add     eax, 71A8CF8Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A62666BEh
sub     eax, 536B7B74h
xor     eax, 9CD33EE0h
add     eax, 5BD9DA50h
sub     eax, 245E838Fh
sub     eax, 20600FB1h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 4B408C56h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D13AF87Dh
sub     eax, 0CA92C0DEh
sub     eax, 75A1E50Bh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0CC01DDEDh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 77B48AD3h
xor     eax, 226BD6D2h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 5591E867h
add     eax, 0D7CA4B33h
add     eax, 0E142B0EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 905C2C14h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0E50374EBh
sub     eax, 7BD0C3F5h
not     eax
add     eax, 44921AAFh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 940ADB86h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0ACE4AA92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7C457EEDh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C9B32A97h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 34DBD12Eh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 6C40E168h
add     eax, 1AF4F189h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BBC24780h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C109738Ch
sub     eax, 87AF1E30h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0F90B93BDh
sub     eax, 15E590E3h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 6F14CA1Fh
xor     eax, 6B3D2D92h
add     eax, 156B0B10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2CEB4DE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0F9ED36E9h
add     eax, 0D8DDE25Ah
xor     eax, 0A9115B2Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 930E5C59h
sub     eax, 9B37CBDDh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 114D3536h
add     eax, 9FC34F08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 3DA1B2F0h
xor     eax, 1B617607h
not     eax
xor     eax, 92DF3FD7h
xor     eax, 0A60441DBh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FD447ACAh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 55FABA71h
xor     eax, 98CE6294h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 1CAF5322h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 5CC2A8B4h
sub     eax, 35654539h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0FC26468Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0A5F26011h
add     eax, 1D15F7E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E70B6730h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 3208F09Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3DD2212Bh
sub     eax, 0C3786797h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B28A70ABh
xor     eax, 7283723Ch
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 1499FC78h
xor     eax, 751BEA70h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0FC926E54h
xor     eax, 0B774618Fh
sub     eax, 96BBAEE6h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D82F9F8Dh
xor     eax, 6198BBB5h
xor     eax, 90CFB3F4h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0EFB44FE6h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 13BE727Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 633175F1h
sub     eax, 2DDB6BBFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0AF9B9798h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 8DDAAF6Fh
add     eax, 0A85BAB05h
add     eax, 2A059D56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D7FFF69h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E2B95AC3h
add     eax, 0ABBEDC57h
not     eax
xor     eax, 31CD5B64h
xor     eax, 0C324B357h
add     eax, 0DA121DE0h
sub     eax, 0FD326EDCh
sub     eax, 0F6FCFC8Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 83C740D4h
add     eax, 998EA103h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 7D3AF484h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0DDE484BEh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 394848A0h
add     eax, 50995620h
xor     eax, 0D797D2DEh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2B9DCE98h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 786A21DAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 10188D00h
sub     eax, 0D1890D2Dh
sub     eax, 0ECA5A709h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D09939A3h
sub     eax, 367E6739h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0D365A71Bh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0EB4CFCFEh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A0D08188h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 80E841E3h
sub     eax, 7C73D293h
add     eax, 802F0E0Fh
sub     eax, 5EC439FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8BD78459h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CFBC431Fh
add     eax, 0D6159CA4h
sub     eax, 5D6224E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C8740191h
sub     eax, 3515BFD9h
add     eax, 634BF641h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 95061FE8h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 4E85A05Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 698EFC8Dh
add     eax, 0EC1E3605h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0E1358611h
add     eax, 1EEFE227h
sub     eax, 0D0BC39CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 35CBFC86h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 83380868h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8D54C681h
xor     eax, 912628C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0B7D52490h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 3F779F85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 311FF032h
sub     eax, 0B944042Dh
xor     eax, 3E8F3EDEh
add     eax, 38A16977h
xor     eax, 54D0AF63h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 3EE3606Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 647FDAB2h
xor     eax, 37D8D0C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 5F511443h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0FEED6EA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 678B935Eh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 45685150h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2D31AE08h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 580372F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 98593A9Fh
add     eax, 7856797Eh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0E98BAEC2h
sub     eax, 0E0BCE5F7h
add     eax, 47E2B13Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E97E66A9h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0DB4063C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DDD9C505h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7E5C1418h
add     eax, 0A4A7E1CBh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 624FC190h
sub     eax, 7838C76Dh
xor     eax, 878F09C0h
xor     eax, 59D1C8A7h
sub     eax, 60EA00A6h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E165B036h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 3422AF2Dh
add     eax, 9F9D5EB0h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 61AB2493h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 76D1F85Dh
add     eax, 583A02BDh
xor     eax, 3B07A35Ch
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0ACE6C1F5h
xor     eax, 0BADC0F54h
sub     eax, 0D6E12BCFh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 992AC345h
add     eax, 6563A57Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 98EB42A8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AF566EE4h
sub     eax, 0C5AA22E0h
add     eax, 1D212342h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0DD935882h
add     eax, 775FBC8Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 8B2C8D6Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B4C318AFh
xor     eax, 593E3C1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 2DF95DC2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0F2710F99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 48C546EFh
add     eax, 0C598614Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C3B4411Ch
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0D4ACB8D5h
xor     eax, 0BA68778Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 2C833DF1h
sub     eax, 0A2674185h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0B8BAFFF9h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 59ED865Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 106A11E7h
add     eax, 0F639D873h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E8096EE9h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0B2F4412Bh
add     eax, 0D3A00467h
add     eax, 0B85FC148h
xor     eax, 16BAFB5Bh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3AA13479h
xor     eax, 0CE4AFB93h
add     eax, 9525A83Fh
xor     eax, 39DFFCCAh
sub     eax, 0BA7A8151h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AF2BFEDFh
add     eax, 0E3623D7Eh
sub     eax, 3824AE25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 54C82895h
add     eax, 0D9EFCA5Dh
xor     eax, 9BFC591Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 18B5A1D4h
add     eax, 8104D86Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0CF2F4F9Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E08659E5h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EB764E0Dh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 43432E42h
add     eax, 3DB5272Ah
xor     eax, 0E868D871h
add     eax, 0B2528FA2h
xor     eax, 50ACA709h
sub     eax, 0B6B83B5Ch
add     eax, 10756252h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0EF57D435h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 4DCDCA6Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CBEF7885h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 922B5DE1h
sub     eax, 0DA247C50h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 217D09D8h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 9E72B62Bh
xor     eax, 81E12F4Dh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0A7372CC8h
xor     eax, 0B722C644h
not     eax
xor     eax, 384BF88Ch
add     eax, 662E124Dh
xor     eax, 0EDF9B6A0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E0FE2F40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 980DF026h
xor     eax, 4FD0A736h
not     eax
xor     eax, 266C0CD8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 2FA10CBFh
add     eax, 86118524h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 91D83B84h
xor     eax, 95ECB10Ah
sub     eax, 0BB181601h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 316F3DD1h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0AF857F73h
sub     eax, 0F2C568FAh
add     eax, 6A7361E7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 450CF27Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0F0C07B92h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9A74F243h
not     eax
sub     eax, 53B1A0D9h
sub     eax, 0EB1912A5h
xor     eax, 7D85D0E2h
xor     eax, 4F141EC1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 668B4EA5h
xor     eax, 1410ABA9h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 5315D828h
sub     eax, 0B31C897Fh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 919EC3B0h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 4A04B0D8h
add     eax, 19B0DD0Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F5FF484Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 4AF72D29h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 93FE7DD3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF531DB0h
xor     eax, 0FEF3670Bh
sub     eax, 74B611B3h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 996F3ABAh
xor     eax, 0BCC0E2AFh
add     eax, 9F0E41DFh
add     eax, 175AECBBh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 670D2105h
sub     eax, 0BA43E232h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 49578462h
not     eax
xor     eax, 26BF9B9Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AC301522h
not     eax
add     eax, 5FD9DF5Ch
xor     eax, 0D9827341h
add     eax, 0D6DF54EEh
sub     eax, 0E65F92FEh
sub     eax, 0FAD06E41h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0B0ADF3FEh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 794D0822h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0BE1CD039h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 77FF7102h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 62EDF836h
add     eax, 0D0780364h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0F203C23Eh
xor     eax, 0D2F4929Bh
add     eax, 488A0D05h
add     eax, 29C5F46Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 56696A02h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 98827FD2h
xor     eax, 0E974F947h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6D51C6B2h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 8ED97F85h
xor     eax, 0F008E057h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E8B5509Eh
add     eax, 44F1DE9Dh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 1AD2D5C1h
add     eax, 85470391h
xor     eax, 4A489EF4h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 793C113Bh
add     eax, 0EFFB8FE3h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0E860021Eh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 2F13173Dh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0E4A0D261h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0D028B2DFh
add     eax, 3766363Fh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0BE957420h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EF3A035Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3B8AE0F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8255F28Bh
add     eax, 8500E2C8h
xor     eax, 90EAF7F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0C4CC3E89h
xor     eax, 0F432E981h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 4B9D99ADh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 2F3F6FE9h
add     eax, 8B8DF376h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0B3A8B2D3h
add     eax, 4B164526h
xor     eax, 69289F10h
xor     eax, 66071EE0h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 7DE54CA2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2645CAF7h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 65DD41F3h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B0A307DBh
sub     eax, 93EFE592h
sub     eax, 8E0180DDh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0A1635CF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 974FB7EBh
sub     eax, 0B4EB89F8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A5A7E34Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A50E97CDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 45919AF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7726F52Bh
sub     eax, 0DF69A6DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4D193DD1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0A1F8D28Eh
add     eax, 0E8BCBCF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1BB5B94Eh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 8038979Eh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 4BD1171Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A1679EB7h
add     eax, 0F1BC39CDh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 4E0F425Ah
sub     eax, 0EE4C3E5Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 5D88B016h
sub     eax, 0DB1A4E3Fh
sub     eax, 90293B2Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 434AAC31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5F8835CCh
sub     eax, 8B194975h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 5DFAF6D1h
add     eax, 1AA2F57Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B94DE8F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 139421DAh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0E45467E0h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 7F25130Ch
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 64E45B30h
not     eax
sub     eax, 657EFD43h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0F89D7098h
sub     eax, 0AADB5835h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C3E342D3h
xor     eax, 55A75077h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0E13607EAh
sub     eax, 0BA5560EEh
add     eax, 2C2ABFD3h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 6D518657h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0BE78CE3Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B4877A3Fh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 82ABA70Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 4D53560Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 64E0BC82h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 8C2F98BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 2DEAE6BEh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0EC0E100Bh
xor     eax, 0FB4B1305h
xor     eax, 4FEA4AA3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F7AFD2AFh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 7A245923h
xor     eax, 81271392h
add     eax, 4E294038h
sub     eax, 985C45F0h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 527C15DEh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0E4C6A32Dh
sub     eax, 8D88974Ah
sub     eax, 0EA0968B4h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 36863337h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 96CC9067h
sub     eax, 0DBFA8579h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 3E0BFB1Eh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A87CC3B0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 45B78B36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9E5886B8h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0F5D52F48h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 46B4D81Ah
xor     eax, 5314E040h
xor     eax, 7B2347D3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0E6B9E2D7h
xor     eax, 0F79C35E4h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5D6FBEF6h
add     eax, 46FF7DDEh
add     eax, 0D7B1F714h
xor     eax, 418F67F2h
sub     eax, 791A6171h
xor     eax, 0EA635816h
sub     eax, 0C474A5ECh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0C8541560h
xor     eax, 0BD6789CAh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 9967FE2Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 57811305h
sub     eax, 0FEDD9C89h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 663F1A8Ah
xor     eax, 0C5454B82h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 29DD1EF8h
add     eax, 4B437B45h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 26466AFBh
xor     eax, 0D8AB1CEDh
xor     eax, 0C91D769Eh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CA048E07h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0F3FC74CAh
sub     eax, 8464795Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ED8DBD98h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7052EE92h
sub     eax, 0A319B8EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 5EC2067Ah
add     eax, 0BB17F898h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0E4DF7DDCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E8B4250h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6325C1DCh
add     eax, 0FE9F096Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 84F2A966h
xor     eax, 0F33291DBh
add     eax, 8C929CB8h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0B221F7D5h
sub     eax, 62BB3CA7h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 9F4FF3C7h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 610063D4h
xor     eax, 0F6A503DCh
sub     eax, 9944EED4h
add     eax, 2E81891Bh
add     eax, 61C026DDh
sub     eax, 992F62C4h
xor     eax, 0AC7C1671h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 29F4ADE5h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0C5F74751h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 2D5B3693h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 60431C00h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 141024F8h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 5874494Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 941F2FEDh
sub     eax, 6E4D405Fh
add     eax, 0D9906516h
add     eax, 230F62ACh
sub     eax, 3E23A61Eh
add     eax, 0BC2DFCB9h
xor     eax, 0DB4E1979h
sub     eax, 0BB5EC463h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0B04761B5h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 37588C92h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 4E290FC8h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AB3FE420h
not     eax
xor     eax, 57B01C04h
sub     eax, 2DBA649Fh
add     eax, 5D699B40h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 883CAAD0h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 3D453A6Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0FD504D3Ch
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 6068A95Dh
add     eax, 944FF8FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 13C3A41Ch
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0B4C101F3h
add     eax, 0AD88F943h
xor     eax, 0E4BAA54Fh
xor     eax, 89D3F3C0h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 10ACDAD0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3863A01Bh
xor     eax, 30616F52h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D77B4BFDh
sub     eax, 330AE124h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0F86B5131h
xor     eax, 299E7BC2h
xor     eax, 4C12A509h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3892A531h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 91A26E60h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0AC7F38A4h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0E13B101Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BD964EF8h
add     eax, 2BF24630h
xor     eax, 5EC3440Ch
add     eax, 0B86799C7h
add     eax, 0E894E364h
add     eax, 0D5A982A8h
sub     eax, 0B71F7553h
xor     eax, 1E1ACF22h
not     eax
add     eax, 189FD512h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 44A79307h
xor     eax, 36ABA98Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 270F4C27h
add     eax, 7508CD37h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A6B3A4F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7FDB55FAh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9F1332CEh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0DEE5AA7Bh
sub     eax, 2CEAFD8Bh
sub     eax, 2C18F2B2h
xor     eax, 7244F8FAh
sub     eax, 0BB0DBD12h
xor     eax, 0A207B7BDh
sub     eax, 6E13003Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C4BE217Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 35142CD1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2064AD6Bh
sub     eax, 555B7870h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 47EEBDB1h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 23D528AAh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 25F71BDBh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 404CCB5Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7F7BCBE6h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7159F47Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 88EA4AAEh
add     eax, 874693EDh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 98800355h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 36822CC0h
add     eax, 4F71E0E3h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E0534F48h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CB48367Bh
add     eax, 0B7D24C6Fh
xor     eax, 0A2171ABCh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 8DA92CE5h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 108E2347h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9B3746C4h
xor     eax, 6EDB11DEh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 3442C4F5h
add     eax, 0B30A1358h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EDA48DE2h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 2EB68572h
not     eax
add     eax, 9A7647C0h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0D42980E3h
xor     eax, 36830E76h
xor     eax, 20954444h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 82035055h
xor     eax, 80A4C321h
sub     eax, 0D89FEAD1h
add     eax, 0A016F2D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6082D007h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 87203715h
sub     eax, 58FA66BAh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B8EB4C23h
xor     eax, 0D500255Eh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0F0C49CA5h
xor     eax, 0E605F5DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A7202880h
add     eax, 8CC5CB1Eh
xor     eax, 200CFE2Eh
sub     eax, 3A727ADEh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 408401BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1E78288Eh
sub     eax, 0E899AACBh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 68249D6Fh
sub     eax, 2507B19Bh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7A773396h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0C9C05D51h
add     eax, 0D2EB9222h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0FF41ADA8h
sub     eax, 0EBD4D450h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0A90D0D07h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D33F709Fh
sub     eax, 44B74AA9h
add     eax, 16F13C5Eh
xor     eax, 0A7A579FBh
xor     eax, 56EA2850h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 91D4BABEh
add     eax, 1841BE9Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 54F79069h
sub     eax, 0AEBE8BBEh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 2194429Fh
add     eax, 6E21D5D6h
add     eax, 0DB34E624h
xor     eax, 0C84596EEh
add     eax, 4BC06FB7h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0C2803ED9h
sub     eax, 0E2DF6BAAh
sub     eax, 1C8533FEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 333E50B1h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 27B7725Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 9E16B8A4h
xor     eax, 0B2890678h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0C8778FF0h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 247B0A5Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 559ED398h
sub     eax, 4591CC59h
sub     eax, 0DF3655D9h
add     eax, 0B0D91A30h
add     eax, 0B2799C1Fh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 19C45D5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 609A1D11h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 9AC3E5F0h
xor     eax, 85D64F2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 308002CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 71A2FA51h
add     eax, 284BAB2Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0A436D0AEh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 8905260Ch
add     eax, 92FEE9B2h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0B17375A5h
xor     eax, 16A5C3FBh
add     eax, 334F0224h
xor     eax, 0ACB798C2h
add     eax, 332D7B8Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D6A001AEh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2496D16Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 154E1512h
xor     eax, 85713E07h
sub     eax, 7073F312h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0E580B289h
sub     eax, 7CDEFB3Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A5B8CB21h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8D3CCC06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A5A9ADA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2BDCF92Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 4D77C10Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 3A3DCF4Eh
add     eax, 0A4934C76h
not     eax
add     eax, 2A9BA7F0h
sub     eax, 6B8A40D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 203BF33Bh
sub     eax, 987A3B4Eh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6A62585Eh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0C9B9EE7Ah
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C30F1B23h
add     eax, 7DD6C302h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 114CE429h
add     eax, 1874074Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 11F8C3C6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 545D5CB3h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D07E005Bh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0F3ED5EE2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DFA632CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0C7217E21h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3083EA6Bh
xor     eax, 0F618F804h
add     eax, 0E822E94Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 598A4803h
add     eax, 5FF320EAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2732860Eh
xor     eax, 711897A7h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0DD3654BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D3CC0FE1h
xor     eax, 57800D0Bh
sub     eax, 8AA858E2h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0CB920442h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0FFB7908Dh
xor     eax, 0ABB3ABBCh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 4EC3121Dh
add     eax, 0ECFDCFA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0FAA8DF5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 82D865CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6181BC8Eh
add     eax, 0B7B1F632h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0D302146Dh
add     eax, 0FE4368C7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ABA94FB0h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 5F99C5BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B673DBF5h
add     eax, 9CE15D04h
xor     eax, 30A8C00Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4CE36574h
sub     eax, 566BFA98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 563F8440h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0A6E88A03h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 5B3A3D79h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0A47F001Fh
xor     eax, 0D86CC4ACh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 7FCDD5B4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 885B6409h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0D1B237CDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 84F91B0Bh
xor     eax, 0E837A9F4h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 649271F4h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 37076F52h
sub     eax, 1F6173F9h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C431B67Bh
xor     eax, 3C879926h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 90E85D81h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 4159A6F8h
xor     eax, 0FBB8E8A4h
add     eax, 82BA98E2h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0DFB8F4D2h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0EC2802F7h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 372AF527h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 446B8CC2h
sub     eax, 2E4FA98Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 8AEC1601h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DDB09F79h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 5A769FF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 200DC307h
xor     eax, 54CCB9D6h
add     eax, 95E7A6AEh
add     eax, 0D8CE464Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5695116Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0C574DD34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 28E2E727h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 39A730C6h
xor     eax, 0BF8132E2h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0E7E28EF4h
add     eax, 5B78AB4Bh
sub     eax, 8E6EA76Ch
sub     eax, 2294BDFCh
xor     eax, 0F368E7E8h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C88FDB2Eh
sub     eax, 0C1AB859Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0A962243Fh
sub     eax, 7A5CA780h
add     eax, 8F313D38h
not     eax
sub     eax, 58F0234Dh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 195BE71Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4E136C54h
add     eax, 0FDA91A9Dh
add     eax, 4856CBF9h
sub     eax, 0E8B3A668h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0E1B48E18h
add     eax, 0CD67CED5h
xor     eax, 0AA30A7E0h
xor     eax, 0C3EFF9D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 47595B17h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 81C5915Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 97B79218h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 69492155h
not     eax
xor     eax, 18E96BB3h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DED316EFh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E40C723Ch
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0B3BA4186h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 83991777h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0D92AEE40h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 395D83E6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C0A8A6A4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DCED3235h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0CCC9482Fh
add     eax, 64BFF0C6h
sub     eax, 3C520E1Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0E89642FFh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 377E1863h
xor     eax, 0CB7FCC10h
xor     eax, 2128A0D6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 69D05A1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B7F187D5h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0DD6EF9B8h
xor     eax, 0D8510CA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F15611E8h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8CAB25FAh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E41F6166h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0D87616D9h
add     eax, 7179F5B9h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 7A96A153h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 82155C50h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DB4D38AEh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D372EFBh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0CB331134h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 6D88EF9Eh
xor     eax, 424B940Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A461B10h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0D5753F60h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 2BF0E871h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 7147CADCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 279822D4h
add     eax, 4B754DC6h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 2C6996E3h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 25C377BFh
sub     eax, 0B5EE022Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F6158D3Fh
sub     eax, 426EFCC2h
sub     eax, 78B9B348h
add     eax, 0C3D83978h
sub     eax, 0DF99B015h
xor     eax, 50536FB9h
sub     eax, 7EE1F4ABh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 4F2711C1h
sub     eax, 75C91D8Bh
add     eax, 0ECA28870h
add     eax, 0D8D9FC49h
sub     eax, 0A11D3C67h
sub     eax, 526B2CA5h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 25387625h
xor     eax, 0F9C42784h
sub     eax, 53EDE69Eh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 5EFBEAF4h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 18067790h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0CA176919h
add     eax, 4B0C8E74h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 57CE0DF5h
sub     eax, 0DD736493h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 959C44A9h
add     eax, 40C0A631h
sub     eax, 15DB4297h
add     eax, 6C8FAC07h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 3FA58247h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CB65DF5Ah
sub     eax, 0FEBC3151h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 1BF0E2A3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 605AF7D6h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 7EB2E91Fh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0B66633CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1E6EC9DAh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9198466Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DB28D3A1h
add     eax, 74AD1E28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C530DF70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 4C730AA5h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 11451C72h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0A2EF1FE3h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 314EAF87h
sub     eax, 0B75A7247h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C4E87C38h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 3044D64Dh
xor     eax, 9A1BCB0Ah
xor     eax, 0A79E7696h
not     eax
add     eax, 48F391C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3724B10Eh
xor     eax, 0F883BEDCh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0EE4D672Eh
sub     eax, 0D598BE76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 4F9479C1h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0D1BB1E88h
sub     eax, 0B3D9DAB6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F522DFD4h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 2A11C50Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 7D802B6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FA8D8727h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0D4FE7E5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0D0B60502h
add     eax, 7ECDA1C9h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 281B30A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B517292Eh
sub     eax, 7A8F2A09h
xor     eax, 0E5DEB316h
sub     eax, 0E957C493h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 7E8FECA8h
sub     eax, 6866E5A2h
xor     eax, 0B9747ACDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 21B785ECh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0CFB17A82h
xor     eax, 0A9E7C398h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 429A4C4Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 26B4AB73h
xor     eax, 0BE836940h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 364E6E62h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 5DF119ADh
sub     eax, 1D796741h
add     eax, 0D820D423h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0D0A7636Ch
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 71D9A19Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3ACF64E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 20A498AEh
xor     eax, 21E762D0h
sub     eax, 0C1970823h
not     eax
sub     eax, 63BE342Dh
xor     eax, 0A94DED06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 366C9DEAh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 2F0FB558h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 774C1B4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1B8DA653h
sub     eax, 930814C4h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0C2178699h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 31D89260h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 8AD97514h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 6C165CC2h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0FC0B26B3h
sub     eax, 0A3B5286Bh
xor     eax, 0BDA35700h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 5CF394AFh
sub     eax, 8EF9ADADh
add     eax, 0D82CF9CFh
xor     eax, 27BBFCA8h
add     eax, 87330C5Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 82850AF3h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 460FFD24h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 666C2EE7h
sub     eax, 9A4C8B25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B35CB767h
sub     eax, 176E4843h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 737574BAh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 1C55DE98h
xor     eax, 0AE518EBCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D4A96175h
sub     eax, 0BEC46130h
add     eax, 8EF9609Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 31533A6Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 5C7BEEC7h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0B65466F6h
add     eax, 0E8546C8Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 5495A964h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AFEF2A30h
xor     eax, 9B21B3B0h
sub     eax, 0D169570Ch
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 3A07244Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 22FDB2D7h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 448653B7h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 403B5148h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0B58E2C13h
add     eax, 0D4EA4501h
sub     eax, 33B3B50Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 36BE673Bh
xor     eax, 8E12E2F5h
xor     eax, 0C12CBAAFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 18ACEAE3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 4E5C4881h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0D7E7DDECh
sub     eax, 1725FB4Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0CDA90140h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 889805CBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 98C8891Bh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 362A2800h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 611F563Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 82695253h
sub     eax, 75D91952h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0EB1FB856h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 826EC4BAh
xor     eax, 6580F69Bh
sub     eax, 0FEECB821h
xor     eax, 0E4CA529Ah
sub     eax, 9E84B348h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0ECB5FCD6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A37044A6h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D79A6DCEh
xor     eax, 8CA08FB3h
xor     eax, 0B1FC9A9Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 6E903005h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD382D86h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0D1E58E44h
xor     eax, 359836E7h
add     eax, 0B4401417h
xor     eax, 0FD8F991Bh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 68039C88h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 3DCB84C7h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 24D88D46h
xor     eax, 0EBB4CD68h
add     eax, 0D609B7B2h
sub     eax, 0FEDFFF31h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 2054141Ah
xor     eax, 0ED1FFB1Eh
sub     eax, 0CC519CA3h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 27DE9781h
sub     eax, 0BABA5940h
sub     eax, 0CDAA9959h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 19E3F4FFh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A426A173h
sub     eax, 8A96FE44h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BBF5C0F1h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0DB7C60CFh
add     eax, 0E4D31F10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0B4D47818h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 80937E6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CD2872C3h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0BD354112h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 38EF48EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F960EC3Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FBEDFB17h
add     eax, 0E0578D1Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F598F00Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0EE627492h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 57C26CD8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 16914C18h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 57F3F016h
add     eax, 0BFC46632h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0DB53CA83h
xor     eax, 0E0F22E81h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0FEA1178Dh
add     eax, 317B3D90h
sub     eax, 2A5474C1h
add     eax, 8DD33A3Ah
xor     eax, 1A9C4E5Fh
add     eax, 0DED1CB8Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E3A2E4F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 927676F9h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 13943D87h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 72B1E599h
add     eax, 1DC409EDh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0F2D08E76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5A594CDAh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 14DF946Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 75638F38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8F658AFCh
xor     eax, 9B45F2A5h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1FB8C2F3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A686A69Bh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D41C4529h
xor     eax, 8EC2C9C2h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7FF0EC65h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0F519AE4Eh
sub     eax, 0A28E22A2h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0EA8A4756h
xor     eax, 4F9AC252h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0BD58D530h
add     eax, 0A82D0B0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FDE3DB46h
add     eax, 8DD61F2Bh
sub     eax, 7D603444h
add     eax, 50548223h
add     eax, 5EE9F0EEh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0A6FFF865h
sub     eax, 0EFD769EEh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0BD6C42BCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 5DF81823h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1CD4839Ah
add     eax, 0A5935950h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D4B90A6Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 4B83666Eh
add     eax, 0C69CFA48h
add     eax, 64522C4Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0E84AE6D0h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0AC00FA50h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0EC1BDA2Ch
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 9D0E3BCDh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 17950D06h
xor     eax, 0A79228BAh
add     eax, 0A0A9DEAAh
sub     eax, 29AC62C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 8B63CB86h
xor     eax, 0F8AE8E77h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0CF74D976h
xor     eax, 97FBB951h
xor     eax, 77C22816h
xor     eax, 1153B290h
sub     eax, 393A1C1Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 4786652Ch
xor     eax, 152052D2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 71873D43h
xor     eax, 0D87EFA43h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0A3B89339h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0ADFA5743h
sub     eax, 97966EC6h
xor     eax, 34E0488Dh
xor     eax, 6A8D50CCh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0BD6270B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 1CD50647h
add     eax, 2398B39Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 14ECE223h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 3A65B772h
add     eax, 9769CF86h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0EBDF8059h
xor     eax, 3AEA0664h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 80EED5B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 41280C3Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 97EFB1AEh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0F3697171h
sub     eax, 0BC80861Eh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0A7528AA1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 96240BC3h
xor     eax, 0D84408FDh
xor     eax, 7224C147h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BACA1F88h
add     eax, 16D1ABB7h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 8172EA1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 3F0DD56Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 2277A634h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 8125578Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 94C9B6B5h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0B56CC775h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 110E220Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F9D5C4D7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 64FCF634h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 732740DCh
sub     eax, 0B90D6447h
add     eax, 54719761h
sub     eax, 0E83F0F80h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0BAC91CD1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D7921AC9h
xor     eax, 0C5E86D3Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B1C273A0h
sub     eax, 0EA67421Bh
xor     eax, 74B5AD38h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0F222847Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 95142753h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0D76F19B0h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 6E78DDEFh
xor     eax, 6FA1E95Bh
xor     eax, 97F4443Dh
add     eax, 7AF15BC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 9373DC8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 56532FA7h
add     eax, 30A6AEC3h
sub     eax, 7A0948A6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 34037EE3h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CAF7D274h
add     eax, 1A7822E6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0AC7B17F6h
sub     eax, 825E6557h
xor     eax, 0F504B73Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 549806B2h
not     eax
add     eax, 47C56373h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0CAE5F548h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E3769FA8h
xor     eax, 0A8244ABBh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0FEACBCC2h
sub     eax, 0D9C17E9Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0E93BB8BFh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0F773C71Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 69F754F9h
sub     eax, 0AC0E14DEh
xor     eax, 0F8A6B37Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0C761C6B5h
sub     eax, 4FA4AD44h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 8AE62208h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D74B95B7h
sub     eax, 9DBCFBCEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 6C1FDDB3h
xor     eax, 5D9B4DFEh
add     eax, 0BEBE03C3h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 16F7E165h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0C53E8459h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 18EE40C9h
sub     eax, 2C656E5Ah
sub     eax, 538415CCh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0EB161D65h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AB716F56h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 983B3221h
add     eax, 0C0D517CBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A29C7CFFh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0FE4A119Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3C2780FDh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 28A67E59h
xor     eax, 49703BE0h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 67913394h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 58E90A30h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 433FA1B5h
xor     eax, 220C6107h
add     eax, 850DC090h
xor     eax, 725D010Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 907E2EDCh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0F6564614h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0E12F32D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7237CB06h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8D432AA5h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 600FDE9Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 5AEF2567h
add     eax, 0FACBF270h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0BA45088Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0C0A279EAh
add     eax, 70DDFA62h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C7F134F8h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4CD414E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 67EB38CEh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 18D44CC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 527C33ABh
xor     eax, 0A4A7FD1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F1BE398Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 585F8F3Bh
sub     eax, 505C6E5Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 592980BEh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 4B060CC7h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F051E199h
sub     eax, 4472B99Ah
add     eax, 0BBD85AC0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0B1DC747Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C5028C4Ch
xor     eax, 331CC3A7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D2E4A587h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 58CB0A1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 53938B2Ch
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7B333131h
xor     eax, 8A800F59h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C750AB47h
add     eax, 0A63D93C0h
add     eax, 2EB50A6Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 2C55BD29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 1377C807h
sub     eax, 0F09D5063h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BAE32950h
xor     eax, 0CCD0B99Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 5749E592h
xor     eax, 29BD4310h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0C375823Bh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DC990735h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3C3BA905h
add     eax, 62DCE4CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3E299472h
xor     eax, 9412A5A4h
sub     eax, 145CF4D0h
xor     eax, 54A45A72h
xor     eax, 4DBB3BA6h
add     eax, 0A426DC5Ch
add     eax, 0B1E4BAABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2FBA2F63h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 9B4A7293h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 4CF8ABEEh
add     eax, 0AE470760h
sub     eax, 259B5883h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 814F3F5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2E4EF066h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0C759E5C4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7B1D5D3Dh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 506D5F5Ah
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0F87D9D0Eh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 6A3B0336h
not     eax
xor     eax, 63506914h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 55D05ADCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 3570A459h
sub     eax, 3E4ED6C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DA2C24EDh
xor     eax, 334B8DE4h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 560C564Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BDD64D93h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0AA623215h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 6228321Ah
add     eax, 8660934Bh
sub     eax, 1A8C0140h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 70CA9152h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0A40184DCh
sub     eax, 0BF825351h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 844CD50Ch
add     eax, 0ECDA671Ah
xor     eax, 0C75674EEh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 7009A823h
add     eax, 0E95DC095h
xor     eax, 0FF37C079h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AD981E51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8BF70954h
add     eax, 37A6E4C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E68FC491h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 677AF087h
add     eax, 89FC7554h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 54007302h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 177430BBh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AEDAF9A9h
sub     eax, 56556D81h
add     eax, 57342EA3h
sub     eax, 0B8730496h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0D88C9A43h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F4F09D13h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 470C1A0Ah
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 1580C5FBh
add     eax, 0A3B07D17h
sub     eax, 0EF0B4E2Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 581AFE80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9D028246h
add     eax, 33CB56A9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 39FE1C5Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4CADA82Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0CDF8002Dh
xor     eax, 722BF2EAh
add     eax, 0FF053E45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 66C61125h
add     eax, 0D01204D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5A2BC753h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E0D13BE3h
add     eax, 1ED39ED0h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 11103F29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C76746A5h
sub     eax, 751C190Dh
xor     eax, 69E30576h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 9D5749CFh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0E0E2EE3Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B84C3A1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5807D457h
add     eax, 5088BB8Ah
xor     eax, 38196BD8h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0DB5B1CF8h
xor     eax, 0C661F339h
not     eax
add     eax, 7CD43931h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D29B4F35h
xor     eax, 862F27DDh
xor     eax, 0E0563046h
xor     eax, 0C7AB0C52h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 76D18307h
sub     eax, 1085FE82h
sub     eax, 0F8F0757Ch
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 43578484h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0E70A8CEEh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 993420CFh
sub     eax, 0AD9EBA06h
xor     eax, 0FB147713h
sub     eax, 0DB343F28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 4E49BEB5h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A2AFF651h
add     eax, 8AFA8F69h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 48E25637h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 8EF752E2h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 64539AAAh
sub     eax, 393049D2h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 86A760ABh
xor     eax, 997CA8B4h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0D5BE7BD5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D786046h
add     eax, 790F5C02h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E56B0B12h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 3FF44596h
sub     eax, 62FD0110h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0DBCFDFA0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AC009243h
not     eax
xor     eax, 54F59C43h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E826D7D5h
add     eax, 8DA74B00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 3989E95Bh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 3E49722Ah
sub     eax, 0A797E9D1h
add     eax, 2E10753Dh
sub     eax, 12F4EDABh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9AC449E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 78BF74E7h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0B652FFF4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 8D7AF954h
sub     eax, 0AFAFBAE1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0F77D5B27h
sub     eax, 0B0705166h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8326E82Eh
add     eax, 0DD48E5C4h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A33FB26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6D3AF3E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9D220421h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0B69764EAh
sub     eax, 0F26B8E3Dh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 54D3AE9Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0B2431712h
xor     eax, 0AF97E733h
not     eax
add     eax, 865E7896h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 845EF7ADh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0A638A72Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0DCF62101h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F55F30B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A660D638h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0F45468E4h
add     eax, 0CFE6CA89h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6D7102B4h
sub     eax, 0D8534B4Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 629AB2D3h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0F5CA0F95h
not     eax
add     eax, 4651D104h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A475F09Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4F67D49Bh
add     eax, 0EA1A096Ah
add     eax, 0E3342C50h
xor     eax, 0F78FC9CDh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 1D8800C7h
sub     eax, 5909CD68h
xor     eax, 3622A049h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 8466A6CEh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 5A27D410h
sub     eax, 0B3FF8695h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 33A16EC9h
sub     eax, 0B8B4D88Ch
xor     eax, 61F64EA3h
xor     eax, 58D59B01h
add     eax, 0CA88DB84h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CD70A9BDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0FE416C7Dh
xor     eax, 2C2996AFh
xor     eax, 2B34CDB9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 8ED8EE5Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D897DADFh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0F20FB165h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 253E7F7Bh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 4D03C596h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FC2C99F1h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0D2455B57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 39DCCA78h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 504B799Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0D4B3C23Bh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 491F55B2h
sub     eax, 0F03776DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0F9A168F9h
add     eax, 91B7A758h
sub     eax, 0C915129Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C4D7A814h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A18E9251h
add     eax, 0A73CCA81h
xor     eax, 37E15D3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9D108B21h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DA4D78ABh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 12094557h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5641D17Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 129D51DDh
add     eax, 4D76B927h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0D71C61AAh
add     eax, 0AF1B81B0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 54903F99h
xor     eax, 0A78E249Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2AC63980h
sub     eax, 5229460Dh
xor     eax, 5A61A55Bh
sub     eax, 0F373735Fh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FF91D88Fh
sub     eax, 56F7CBC8h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 9D5AA85Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7E48E46Ah
add     eax, 0E510C438h
add     eax, 6FA7964Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2D038E12h
add     eax, 4E92D765h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0CB6CA780h
sub     eax, 4C328E67h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 696C1DF7h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 131EE21Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 2CC17077h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0AE76C60Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 14D26A06h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6549D1CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3EF392E4h
xor     eax, 6B3CBE1Eh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 71D9709Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6A6E29DFh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C2AD4E0Ah
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C7B5E44Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 4BEE8EE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 849337BDh
sub     eax, 55AA34E0h
sub     eax, 3CAAF256h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 148B3D83h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 94066233h
add     eax, 0E9D930BAh
add     eax, 37F63AF8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7F14464Dh
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 46BA6D7Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A69FFA60h
xor     eax, 0E91CE885h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 300E5F56h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 8BE81EBBh
sub     eax, 0A23A3042h
add     eax, 1CB93828h
xor     eax, 32D45C38h
not     eax
xor     eax, 14C43C39h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 5B9611D2h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 45CE3184h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F2880F78h
sub     eax, 1FFABCAAh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0B2305F34h
add     eax, 6DFDCEB7h
add     eax, 1339E7D8h
add     eax, 5708060Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C54BDAD6h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0C4F324AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 34C5416Fh
sub     eax, 4AA173D9h
xor     eax, 7A063401h
sub     eax, 6AE5CD7Fh
sub     eax, 9FB70E44h
sub     eax, 25D01E8Bh
xor     eax, 0FB6B3EB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C952B81Ch
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4EE1DAB6h
xor     eax, 0BB304B44h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0C8267CA3h
add     eax, 3AA44DB8h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C5A42A52h
xor     eax, 0A0B2A454h
xor     eax, 71CC7208h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8D88277Eh
sub     eax, 0D3CC8C4Ah
sub     eax, 0A4A284CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 6E0A65D2h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 80576D2Ah
xor     eax, 1692C678h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0DE29DBA6h
sub     eax, 0C8EF5EDDh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0BB4DF872h
add     eax, 7DCB1577h
sub     eax, 69F8BCDDh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 6955B6FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 57EA8F66h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FD5F1A64h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0D79B0A14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9EFA3E59h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FB59833Fh
xor     eax, 9772E1D9h
add     eax, 1F27B36Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0E36809F5h
sub     eax, 0CC5D02E0h
sub     eax, 77C80017h
sub     eax, 0B9D2C052h
xor     eax, 23753648h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 84336783h
sub     eax, 0F1189161h
add     eax, 2485FDF9h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 40D785E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0CE724032h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0EE181A5Bh
xor     eax, 29BDF493h
sub     eax, 0DC25AF7Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AC452005h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 966C2089h
xor     eax, 8549A68Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 1877F451h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4BE95973h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 7DC5C14Bh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 8C4C7811h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 63BCDA58h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 9472D502h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0B7214B96h
xor     eax, 69A5A5E5h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7FF649ADh
sub     eax, 63F6EE8Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 615028C6h
sub     eax, 5F07092Fh
xor     eax, 0E533CF49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2B29374Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C15471F7h
xor     eax, 324F29D9h
xor     eax, 0E585FCE2h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 67B130D0h
add     eax, 26810115h
add     eax, 0F226E2DDh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 89D5FD20h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 784972F8h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 243F0331h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 415A2726h
sub     eax, 0E0145F86h
add     eax, 0FE2DEE65h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0B8A04248h
add     eax, 0E16B0D1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C17F4130h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0C72EB950h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 662946D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 83814A07h
xor     eax, 0DA0FD3C1h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 511037B4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 9AA29A31h
xor     eax, 546BD0D2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6DA0C3F8h
sub     eax, 0DE4ED3E1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0B8C7B325h
xor     eax, 32ED7359h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BCB5C1DBh
add     eax, 0E35E2741h
add     eax, 81BB6072h
sub     eax, 82B6E661h
sub     eax, 0C69F29DDh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 48FB3AC9h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 8C6DE76Ah
sub     eax, 2090CB83h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FE5E0938h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 481E38DCh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0C3D98582h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 68D2BC08h
xor     eax, 75DB91EDh
add     eax, 6E682491h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6B00FCEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 773ACB1Bh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0A765EBE8h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 78B3CB8Bh
xor     eax, 7D0B9461h
sub     eax, 0FF57A25Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D446B0CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 236C2634h
add     eax, 93CD6A9Bh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 1387CFC9h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 89CCEC7Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0D9FB8E83h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 1874085Dh
add     eax, 0EF94749Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0CCF9C503h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8B61AE0Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 37EE286Eh
sub     eax, 0AE10A1B9h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 9DAAFC80h
not     eax
add     eax, 18DA2D89h
sub     eax, 0DCBEAEC4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 7861DCE0h
add     eax, 5BB5042Bh
xor     eax, 22F5957Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DAAA1C2Dh
sub     eax, 0F986CF5Ch
sub     eax, 5DD1D737h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0EE80F57Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EC020555h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 67130719h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B53D4C97h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 3E0DC7D0h
add     eax, 8CFD301Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 902E30F8h
sub     eax, 503D0AB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 96F7F6C5h
add     eax, 9EDB12B5h
add     eax, 0C31C7328h
add     eax, 0C47F6CD4h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 2280FFFFh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0E05ED5F8h
sub     eax, 0F344CA0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0AE7A3896h
sub     eax, 0D428A2C8h
xor     eax, 9156671Fh
xor     eax, 11BDF95Bh
add     eax, 91C916AAh
sub     eax, 8A7B6797h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 66E048DDh
xor     eax, 1AFACDCBh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0ED56F910h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9BF35B76h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 4B1C2337h
xor     eax, 610CCE26h
not     eax
add     eax, 4CBBEACCh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0FE090FD6h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 4A19C142h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0AFE4A3E2h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0C203A2D1h
sub     eax, 6D1DB628h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0BE01AC69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 42285092h
sub     eax, 7E370C16h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 30E17A0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3BA16723h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0BA45D8E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 43C82B51h
add     eax, 441486B8h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5230A1BDh
sub     eax, 6854DD59h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 335352D3h
add     eax, 2A7CFBE8h
add     eax, 0D704E366h
add     eax, 0C9981BA4h
add     eax, 0F9411253h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1AEEDC4Eh
xor     eax, 8E48E54Eh
sub     eax, 0D9B0F26Ah
xor     eax, 6B174104h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0E6A7112Dh
sub     eax, 0C8FF77EEh
sub     eax, 0BB40A2ADh
add     eax, 4EA2D57Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 349181FCh
add     eax, 6E14410Ch
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 4E268887h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 6DDA41BFh
xor     eax, 7AA2E06Dh
sub     eax, 29F898EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5256A6F0h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 88287AB5h
add     eax, 85475FB0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4A120FF0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F47CB6DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 105D1AC2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 713B55E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0CD046CAAh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 1E594F2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3D91DE21h
sub     eax, 310B30A5h
add     eax, 36E1A406h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 73F9F6A7h
add     eax, 28C14F62h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0BEEA2A1Ah
xor     eax, 245C2A61h
xor     eax, 979B96F1h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 73697CD7h
sub     eax, 5886D2B6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0DC74B91Eh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 76CC3176h
sub     eax, 0C4E969D4h
xor     eax, 0F0AEC5F7h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0F795577Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9F4674C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 1374009Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 92260481h
sub     eax, 0FA72E01Dh
xor     eax, 733EAB12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 736E1236h
xor     eax, 70DAD305h
not     eax
sub     eax, 994EB982h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 429F7062h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CEF179DCh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BC86A1B2h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 7F92DFDCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D318CB1Eh
add     eax, 854ECDF8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C472B34Bh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 41985EBCh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 46E26C80h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0CC3FDD57h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0DF51BF6Ah
sub     eax, 0E540FC11h
sub     eax, 0B58DB14Ch
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0F53D120Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 90DA8090h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 1B62C720h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 13F6E7F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C20E6BA0h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0CFFB9906h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 59574120h
sub     eax, 21B150A8h
xor     eax, 3FA86754h
xor     eax, 145F10B6h
add     eax, 3A1D19A9h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 7E761ADCh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BBB7E2B4h
sub     eax, 31F842D5h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 7743D9F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B0E1231Ah
sub     eax, 97849A8Ch
sub     eax, 0CBC28A13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D3C623EFh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 7C68EAE4h
add     eax, 62D8E344h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8A8AF0FDh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 5F0AA787h
add     eax, 0CE1D33D4h
xor     eax, 12D2D530h
sub     eax, 2772ADE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B897F336h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5333B375h
xor     eax, 69B3561Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8C9E65F8h
add     eax, 70F6477Eh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 3A29D35Dh
xor     eax, 6AF5D152h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 29985CBAh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0CD2EBAFBh
xor     eax, 0D0D8100Ah
sub     eax, 0C6F6979Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 910C5845h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0C3C624E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF18A059h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B65D05BDh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D342026Dh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0BD8A7436h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 4269EE08h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E8B97A58h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C15EAB5Dh
sub     eax, 9E4CFD09h
not     eax
sub     eax, 534E000Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 50B70058h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0FC26D387h
xor     eax, 0ABE55427h
xor     eax, 41CE1EEAh
add     eax, 5DA1B225h
xor     eax, 0F68861E0h
sub     eax, 0FF0F1ED4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F18212BAh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 905C3AF8h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 8A4C445Eh
sub     eax, 0C5AF28BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 18A2FA75h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3C006C8Fh
xor     eax, 0CAD71BCAh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 4E61DB4Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B6545F7Ch
sub     eax, 46DF5A83h
sub     eax, 5124AE77h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 29FFCEE3h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 993D3462h
sub     eax, 0B1B42520h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EE5B573Fh
xor     eax, 108AFC0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E73D9C0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 277A3373h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 4C531C44h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 782156C4h
xor     eax, 0D7B6A1C4h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 2E20D1D1h
sub     eax, 2CE96A41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AE3EF1F0h
xor     eax, 0F5B8C453h
xor     eax, 499B9F2Dh
add     eax, 0B4910945h
xor     eax, 420E08B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C6AD3BA0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0F8BFD37Fh
sub     eax, 0DA5681F1h
add     eax, 3D19403Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6A455DC9h
xor     eax, 0CBF390E0h
xor     eax, 35819D75h
not     eax
add     eax, 8D965550h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5C2A160Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0EECAF6E0h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 67F90D22h
xor     eax, 5F36B302h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0D92C303Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 53891839h
sub     eax, 8C8EB707h
sub     eax, 5232111Ch
add     eax, 524009F2h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 9D4D42F1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2E81845Bh
sub     eax, 0E417C3C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 69894206h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 814690D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8609E6C6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1407E8F1h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 43EC0D2Fh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 26CFAAD1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9CC75C3Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 46660D8Fh
sub     eax, 54CD186Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1FBDD58Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0C1870CE1h
xor     eax, 2B656DE6h
add     eax, 580519FCh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 538B05E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 7E831E10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0B1590725h
xor     eax, 8B2F371Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 4B46772Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E229F4A2h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 52BFC7FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ECF81BE8h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0CAEB9877h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 8B4A35A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 41072DBDh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 15C08B34h
add     eax, 0BE14A33Fh
add     eax, 0B615E120h
add     eax, 5913DEF8h
sub     eax, 85687330h
xor     eax, 27CD6A17h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 9E049F96h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0BAE1FE97h
add     eax, 32C8D8CEh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0E14E92EEh
add     eax, 2E568CFEh
add     eax, 350A1CACh
xor     eax, 0BF0E4C73h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 5CD42687h
sub     eax, 49D0EFA4h
sub     eax, 0D8D71B98h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 76F0383Bh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 2E84FF32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D2A02308h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 9375B929h
xor     eax, 19A560A8h
not     eax
add     eax, 4EDFDEC1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 86A1594Ch
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 64AD3532h
xor     eax, 667A87DAh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 4F8CCA51h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 9BC659BFh
add     eax, 3F5F6570h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0BC8AABB0h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 4489AA6Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 27355561h
sub     eax, 0BDA487A3h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 89895FECh
xor     eax, 46181A2Ch
xor     eax, 0AE76EAE4h
xor     eax, 7A87D410h
xor     eax, 0C0178331h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E5115B1h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8B1903DCh
xor     eax, 1BA8C8C3h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0F37AC879h
xor     eax, 0F795E517h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 80E5EA22h
add     eax, 36E008A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1C215753h
sub     eax, 253B8022h
sub     eax, 0D6DA506Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DEEADCBEh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EF3D7279h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 47F00F1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 8081A4DFh
xor     eax, 3586D7CDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4F00A43Fh
xor     eax, 20701784h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CB6D599Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0BB7E17EDh
sub     eax, 81F2D13Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 994A6ACFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C6E4A99Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F223E87Fh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 62095395h
sub     eax, 8840DF78h
sub     eax, 69F25478h
sub     eax, 0E0AAB07Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 7EEB743Dh
sub     eax, 2F3ED83Dh
xor     eax, 187304F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0F2C8120Ch
xor     eax, 0C0494C71h
add     eax, 40C85DF9h
add     eax, 0F86DD619h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 70BD5E5Dh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 587CC253h
xor     eax, 93C694F5h
xor     eax, 0EF5B2E80h
add     eax, 0AA35EB45h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 62BC4D78h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 13821DBDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B59F02D2h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 140AA607h
sub     eax, 84E2E0CFh
sub     eax, 0DE5AA360h
add     eax, 7A5EF215h
add     eax, 2A6A5BECh
sub     eax, 4297F394h
sub     eax, 0A3C47A9Ch
xor     eax, 48972FF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0A752A563h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E58C74A6h
add     eax, 96589C58h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0EBEEB51Ch
sub     eax, 0C2DC69E2h
xor     eax, 68962550h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0B248EAC9h
add     eax, 1DBFDA36h
xor     eax, 0BEC0C264h
sub     eax, 0F0095FD4h
xor     eax, 0ECE49421h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 88D1AFADh
sub     eax, 0A1E18478h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 76BE34BFh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 285E8E7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E2058483h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F32D0C62h
sub     eax, 6A99A7E3h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 34C0BB61h
add     eax, 0D8E38F99h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 39EE3E1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F2988A8Fh
add     eax, 1CE35DFEh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 86BDD076h
sub     eax, 0A02AE64Bh
add     eax, 46332556h
add     eax, 614E093Fh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 5B2C2609h
add     eax, 0D57F5768h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 615EE27Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D22AF037h
sub     eax, 0B0D2392Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4F97EB81h
sub     eax, 399CACFDh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FB1C0C1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 6808F329h
sub     eax, 239CE661h
not     eax
sub     eax, 28D8172Ah
add     eax, 7BF843F8h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0D2A703ECh
add     eax, 834A3915h
sub     eax, 0D34ED176h
sub     eax, 97956485h
xor     eax, 4279DE29h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0A8484B71h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DA17EFABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 6B4134D3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CB686BF7h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EF1BC917h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 70FC71E2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CC7146D5h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 9C029A45h
sub     eax, 0C8DEAAD7h
sub     eax, 480C0FF8h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 48DAC9F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9CD12618h
add     eax, 0AC332969h
add     eax, 0D276AF21h
xor     eax, 904EA614h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0A8EA871Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 29DF161Fh
xor     eax, 42B0E81Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FAD3C8A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B6708239h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 121AFE48h
xor     eax, 67BCF3D9h
sub     eax, 523E7FE6h
add     eax, 0C189BC7Ch
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 7DF804CBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 212B8C17h
sub     eax, 307418DAh
add     eax, 0A0567F42h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 21BAABB7h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0F6151B74h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 2B0CF7E9h
xor     eax, 0A6FB59A4h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0DCAE71DDh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BD5106FCh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C87E4D50h
xor     eax, 6280D5AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4FFBCE10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2857676Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AD3B2842h
add     eax, 413CCE58h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 97A887B1h
xor     eax, 1AD27FA2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 5A00C5D2h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F4C8ABD3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 6151A626h
add     eax, 0F35E6424h
sub     eax, 1F09B3E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D87EBFA9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 6392B47Dh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0A5B107DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3BED30C4h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 679C9BEBh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6108E2A3h
xor     eax, 9AD1B910h
sub     eax, 963E3C8Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0C4734469h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1F1067B0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 407C05BCh
sub     eax, 0B0E9EAEDh
xor     eax, 63C47C3Bh
xor     eax, 0D6CCE18Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0EF39C059h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D427C25Dh
add     eax, 4EA678ABh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7BBF0DD1h
sub     eax, 16E0A591h
xor     eax, 42C60CCAh
xor     eax, 371A4F8Dh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F99019A2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 9015DCE3h
sub     eax, 0F4D4083Dh
sub     eax, 835D035Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 2E55A2E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 86A01C3Ch
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 53BF05CBh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DC886D39h
sub     eax, 6B4D8CF3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 3FF1ED17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 862E454Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D8BD3DFDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EDBD2A52h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 87A64A23h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 115A0CC2h
add     eax, 98DC6653h
xor     eax, 9E70260Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D5B03238h
not     eax
add     eax, 5719849Eh
xor     eax, 0E20F38D0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E98891E4h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0A4BA8DA8h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2A178B55h
xor     eax, 6BC6296Eh
xor     eax, 0D33853EEh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 8DD58A75h
xor     eax, 0F1CC2C3Ch
sub     eax, 0B73A5D58h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D58C9D9Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 95043605h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 78CCFD38h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F86DA2B9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 41DA3E1Ch
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0BE035F05h
sub     eax, 195F7A03h
add     eax, 5BC80E77h
sub     eax, 0D5980173h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4ADE9E33h
add     eax, 8896A051h
xor     eax, 0A1CCA2EFh
xor     eax, 39BB20B8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 31FB39F0h
sub     eax, 7FCE19C4h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 8EF77AB2h
xor     eax, 0A6DDB443h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 528E8CF6h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C22ED947h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 37D22025h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 87DCF2DAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 54DB33F7h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3C89F9F3h
sub     eax, 1C8DD8A6h
sub     eax, 9D023BE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9AA813C7h
add     eax, 72674443h
sub     eax, 5C9A38DBh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0EEBE7243h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 259F9567h
add     eax, 0C9A31184h
add     eax, 0B5A482F4h
not     eax
add     eax, 8D6AC3C7h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 596ECF22h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 6A98B1E8h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A8BC3AACh
add     eax, 25708A75h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 7DD2524Bh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 5C79E2C5h
xor     eax, 4749BB91h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 4BCA7EB8h
add     eax, 71E7EA98h
xor     eax, 1C899CEBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CAFFCCB5h
add     eax, 40EF3FDFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 7801FD3Ch
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0C3E8C462h
add     eax, 0BA3B318Fh
xor     eax, 0BB681D99h
xor     eax, 0C32940E4h
add     eax, 0AB2EC015h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 26F17E21h
add     eax, 0CC1B5F16h
xor     eax, 6E0C18DEh
xor     eax, 9B30E9B2h
add     eax, 0CF12AA0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E549974Dh
xor     eax, 14081E88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 82BA6B25h
not     eax
add     eax, 1768F0CFh
xor     eax, 0AF038648h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FF3B56CCh
not     eax
add     eax, 6C3ED984h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0E6BC1E74h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B6B684E6h
xor     eax, 0EEFDEC24h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 67D81A13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1F20A973h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F77AAF78h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0B3CF1883h
sub     eax, 419E4A64h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E2D6CA92h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 13A948C2h
xor     eax, 8BF69149h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C63EA252h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A42D1356h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1AE95289h
add     eax, 456E9543h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0E3525A60h
xor     eax, 4952B0E6h
xor     eax, 0A1F9637Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 297EFA22h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 79B6B5D7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0C2891612h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 58928CF4h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B8A6831Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0BD054873h
not     eax
add     eax, 7AE149F9h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0AA20F4C4h
add     eax, 0A7DBC9C6h
sub     eax, 0FD389D5Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 75ABDEE5h
add     eax, 0EA5EE5E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 31818C85h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 405A6C1Eh
add     eax, 9A87240Eh
sub     eax, 69061272h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 6B340B19h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 798C21BCh
not     eax
add     eax, 4E0DD616h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 17DF34D9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 14033340h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C22A8081h
xor     eax, 3F53638Fh
xor     eax, 9A1CCE70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 9526EA65h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 5081897Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 6A8F12ECh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 961653F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9E6A5C48h
add     eax, 704F6D1Ch
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 1B23E821h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8C2E14B8h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 8F322437h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0D3B1DD25h
add     eax, 775E7256h
xor     eax, 58B064CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 7691C9D4h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 7C3D5DB7h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 87E050C3h
sub     eax, 1327DAD9h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ECB30F37h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A4111100h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D1723B37h
add     eax, 7B9E210Dh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B64B92FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 4D867F26h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E4B17367h
add     eax, 0D4A3D560h
xor     eax, 8E5C718Dh
add     eax, 196E056Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0B0EB1342h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EF278276h
sub     eax, 3AE503F7h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0F9DCC62Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 61F15271h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DA44B4CBh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 1348822Eh
xor     eax, 0CDA2B752h
add     eax, 0C75D0937h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FF456C8Dh
add     eax, 438581F9h
xor     eax, 0B01F474Ch
add     eax, 0F71003E8h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 3742AD2Fh
add     eax, 4E4C03BCh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 53CBEA53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 97EA5F16h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4FCC3FF1h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0C0291020h
sub     eax, 2D0EBBA4h
add     eax, 0EB8F9F79h
xor     eax, 6E76009Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 812A4E56h
xor     eax, 0D2C8D7CEh
add     eax, 36DECF39h
not     eax
add     eax, 7BDA3392h
xor     eax, 14FD4F6Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 46E842CEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0F1101C7Eh
add     eax, 0FC31988Dh
xor     eax, 0B0DAB820h
not     eax
sub     eax, 123AC0F0h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 36895D28h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3372BBA2h
sub     eax, 5F37D5D7h
xor     eax, 8DE547DFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0D5EA49F1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E98AD5EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 29EFB423h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 2C001FD0h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0EF1974A8h
sub     eax, 352A8F48h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 7C64AF35h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E4F4B77Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 68FB7ECEh
add     eax, 721CAC8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B88AB301h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 4BAA307Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 5388F8CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6689AC15h
xor     eax, 1484D10Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 56291044h
sub     eax, 0F724F33Fh
sub     eax, 0A99D5273h
sub     eax, 0DF12DF91h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 7CDAF461h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 949B1CD2h
sub     eax, 3D974CF8h
sub     eax, 0A92A921Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 5679A65Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A10C3BBBh
sub     eax, 3121A0CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E0C492F7h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 25A2C827h
add     eax, 0BBE5DD85h
not     eax
add     eax, 35F01441h
sub     eax, 6C475EA3h
add     eax, 90F7CDC7h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 2C2AC078h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 389B381Fh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4FF755F5h
add     eax, 7C9D70AAh
add     eax, 0CD7A0B9Dh
xor     eax, 0F931F2F0h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 34A02866h
add     eax, 82B6958Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E286A43Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3703CFA9h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0B7ADE1D3h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 69D01B62h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 3E060E1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 47BDED37h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 7FAEB289h
add     eax, 2EDB08D8h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9EEF66D3h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 5D753811h
xor     eax, 0D4EB5DBAh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EBD6C0D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 78487316h
sub     eax, 0A93CDD08h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E7302F6h
xor     eax, 42451CBEh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0BB58BCA2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0DABB3BA0h
add     eax, 0DF54CCC9h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 9B6A5218h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FD686F8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C9867C75h
xor     eax, 8831FA9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3D244C28h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 433948DCh
sub     eax, 8BC41C5Ch
xor     eax, 0D8C5BEBAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 75AE025Dh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BC21CE33h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 8FE05C35h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0BE483B4Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5A21D272h
not     eax
add     eax, 51B6A793h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 940BCF27h
sub     eax, 0FD0F7AA5h
sub     eax, 2C597396h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E6BAC79h
add     eax, 5E43C8B9h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 7ED389BCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C15FEB2Fh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6A453954h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A1197B86h
xor     eax, 616E73E0h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9D13CC44h
add     eax, 1958A013h
sub     eax, 4FB7E568h
sub     eax, 7F18DB13h
sub     eax, 830A1402h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0C84D27A8h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0C3FE6DF3h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 9041B523h
sub     eax, 0B363D625h
xor     eax, 7401AC7Bh
xor     eax, 1E13C16Ch
add     eax, 0FDA23AD9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B9356069h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FC8631D7h
xor     eax, 8D92FEA4h
sub     eax, 0B3E51D50h
xor     eax, 0E81002B3h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 3818FC70h
not     eax
sub     eax, 699CA632h
sub     eax, 519DBACEh
xor     eax, 0DDA2132Dh
xor     eax, 7689F460h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2DAE1E39h
add     eax, 16601DB4h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0E36B431Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 8890E872h
sub     eax, 0B9B8F11Eh
xor     eax, 0EA747114h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0AD32863Ah
sub     eax, 6A30A2FAh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4A92122Eh
xor     eax, 0FE46306Ah
sub     eax, 0A3245CBAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1C83364Bh
xor     eax, 870F617Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BEDF220Ah
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 647CEA01h
sub     eax, 8419FA54h
sub     eax, 0DE6188E4h
add     eax, 20C17097h
add     eax, 5574429Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 51C8BAFFh
sub     eax, 0E90830F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BB3DC44Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 68EE8B94h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 737D184Ch
xor     eax, 0D3F22A18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 70BA17F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0A5FB72EEh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A3967B48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 60F9E497h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0D8894F92h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 523E1CE9h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 93B53B0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 25B8862Eh
xor     eax, 0B902B500h
not     eax
xor     eax, 15C0B04Ch
xor     eax, 9B708A0Dh
add     eax, 38F93BBEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 96A96AE3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 71D506D8h
xor     eax, 89480925h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D53122F7h
sub     eax, 0CA1A4E22h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 84C7DA92h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EAF43988h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0B865378Fh
sub     eax, 9DDE192Eh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 78718780h
xor     eax, 0E5845616h
xor     eax, 0D4515695h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 34566570h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B003EECEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FFD508AFh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2CBBF3E2h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0AD1819D9h
sub     eax, 0A561F6B4h
add     eax, 0BD26AE82h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 6263BD97h
add     eax, 58FB0469h
xor     eax, 7BF5EAEDh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0E19D3FB9h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 757D20C6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 2019E6F5h
xor     eax, 7950F14Fh
xor     eax, 0A5C8BD8Ah
add     eax, 0A4A6D3EBh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0C089681Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FF941F1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 7EBE0A63h
add     eax, 0E04A6C3Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DD924C2Bh
sub     eax, 0A322AB63h
add     eax, 6B7C1FF3h
xor     eax, 0ACCA708Dh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8587F1F3h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0D13B3E63h
add     eax, 0C90B19AAh
add     eax, 12D4F31Bh
add     eax, 0D8CCC5C2h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 82DE2EF8h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7333E063h
xor     eax, 11115F59h
xor     eax, 56A1895Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F1DC3E64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E8419294h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C02E4040h
add     eax, 934EC869h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CB983DE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FD37278Ah
sub     eax, 870521BEh
add     eax, 81EE927Ch
add     eax, 0E03DAA1Bh
xor     eax, 9779FAB5h
not     eax
add     eax, 2B76D62Eh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 64DEB2F0h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0B663C01Fh
add     eax, 0F4F26830h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EA334063h
add     eax, 8F026457h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 859DD9FEh
add     eax, 0CE6F9A0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 6D8F716Ch
sub     eax, 3B7AB236h
xor     eax, 17480E75h
xor     eax, 0C6A1F43Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 40AF22E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AA7544D3h
add     eax, 674CB497h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CEA85A59h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B15AADBFh
add     eax, 5FBF7EF0h
xor     eax, 0EA01A2C2h
xor     eax, 6B8F76CBh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 61DFA943h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 321E1372h
add     eax, 5F3AFAC2h
sub     eax, 9E0C50F7h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0A3302D97h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0D7244454h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0A713A9B8h
add     eax, 0FBF899E8h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A71649B1h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 32041F30h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 208D34ACh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0DB10A411h
sub     eax, 88786B68h
sub     eax, 0E6845F21h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 4017ED35h
sub     eax, 9F7EE8DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 40F3D27Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CD522204h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0FBE8263Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 211EE178h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 671A0DAFh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 6F2D15E4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FA09C8A4h
xor     eax, 3D3AF603h
sub     eax, 0EFCA27F5h
xor     eax, 947F3844h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5D43920Ah
xor     eax, 24D62696h
add     eax, 0BA99EFACh
sub     eax, 5A6942D7h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0B11D72B7h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 531AE770h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 29A7787Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B4E3C3AAh
xor     eax, 0F55A0039h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 29EA5318h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 236C9A6Bh
sub     eax, 0D4F29AF0h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 9EDBFA8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0D79E927Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7ADC03E2h
sub     eax, 0C05799E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 59488D7Ah
xor     eax, 3637FA98h
xor     eax, 0D5B060BCh
xor     eax, 0ED12449Eh
sub     eax, 0C16F37BDh
add     eax, 1D606E19h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 8C82299Ch
sub     eax, 76071D13h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9F0C9175h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0C6773EF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0B5A30F58h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EC755042h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 2A6BDB2Bh
add     eax, 60C89406h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AC85AEC9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3B2477B9h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 2253A486h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1BFAC75Ch
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0A4457614h
add     eax, 75C5B2FAh
add     eax, 0F3366571h
add     eax, 0A61C8330h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0E45832C8h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 6D672125h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D501689Ah
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F3412839h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E1B49802h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5054388Eh
add     eax, 19C61ECCh
xor     eax, 0DCB98FCAh
sub     eax, 5C30FF27h
add     eax, 0E87B70BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 340C728Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 837A97C0h
xor     eax, 4B4455E3h
add     eax, 3C017300h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 4520CDA8h
sub     eax, 800A3E89h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0DDCDDE22h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 17B2A8BDh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0A03C4984h
add     eax, 9408D51Dh
xor     eax, 0E701EE4Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FD203B49h
add     eax, 2F2C130Eh
sub     eax, 1E76D052h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0CE34176Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 72022EB7h
add     eax, 8DE28026h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0C31A5518h
xor     eax, 29245B56h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FA787274h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0BC78D52Ch
add     eax, 2B81BD1Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9AC91486h
sub     eax, 596F18F8h
add     eax, 0A3F10817h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0CA15B3AAh
add     eax, 4235F698h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 0A53C4CEEh
xor     eax, 0DAF7D9EFh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 375B2D2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0A287409Eh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 64FBB022h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 54475302h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 11B300DDh
add     eax, 0FE614258h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A4D25877h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 8E18EA59h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 1BB3D7C7h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 2DDACAC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D581A72Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 1A72F3C8h
sub     eax, 0C38C209Bh
xor     eax, 7A94E1FAh
not     eax
add     eax, 16451B94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 5DB7D078h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 37D30AF3h
sub     eax, 0BF475BA2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D180CA49h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0E2252325h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A02DA1Ch
sub     eax, 777B1E7Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 173E25ECh
sub     eax, 61D2E4C3h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 97193891h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F36F93FFh
xor     eax, 0CC4CFAF8h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0A184EF1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C0BFB3C8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 6E7ACF90h
sub     eax, 0CA467A61h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F6D44AC7h
add     eax, 41C68322h
xor     eax, 510A964Dh
xor     eax, 0D62ACA6Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 81774F9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0BD1918E0h
sub     eax, 2F65F8E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4451E142h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F60723D5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0A48B7FC5h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 59C24C4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 472BAE4Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D80C0741h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 9AD0A070h
xor     eax, 728F0BBDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 890CF53Eh
xor     eax, 24A4256Ch
xor     eax, 3A2C9B5Bh
xor     eax, 0A406A5D0h
add     eax, 6BFEF438h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E598E22Ah
add     eax, 0CA4BE427h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0E9B76F51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 422EB177h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 931F0802h
add     eax, 37658AD8h
xor     eax, 91D76DF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0FB6C501Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 569773C6h
add     eax, 871667A2h
sub     eax, 15ACE980h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 969FFE3Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0B1D12BDBh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0A30C3AEEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BB1A2B3Bh
add     eax, 661B1FFCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E4F1F4E9h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0A35A2705h
not     eax
add     eax, 36CB5858h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7152D1C4h
sub     eax, 92CA78FFh
xor     eax, 0A7DF7F37h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 56715BC0h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 1A74BBFEh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 555ED72Dh
add     eax, 10EBD993h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A593AAC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 70423571h
xor     eax, 7D611A67h
sub     eax, 7984CA8Dh
sub     eax, 0D7041B82h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3D7DE18Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5925E38Bh
add     eax, 545D36B3h
xor     eax, 8713CB3Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CDF75584h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 6122D212h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EBF5D98Ch
add     eax, 31F06679h
xor     eax, 6094E0ADh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0CF374E94h
sub     eax, 0B7A66B8Fh
sub     eax, 0C97DBA56h
not     eax
sub     eax, 721DA682h
sub     eax, 417CC6AEh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C2E2257Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9293AB7Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F993A71Fh
sub     eax, 9B051A5Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 8806C3E5h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 665FE27Ah
xor     eax, 509E16F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A6960C70h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 441404E9h
add     eax, 99BE1CD5h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0F2679560h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0CAF0AA14h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 43703ED0h
xor     eax, 4020E038h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0ECC2345Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 85A60C9Ch
xor     eax, 24CA01BDh
xor     eax, 6394AEFAh
xor     eax, 567FFCC3h
add     eax, 768F3737h
sub     eax, 89007DE1h
sub     eax, 0D8E93686h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 7114F485h
add     eax, 39F6246Dh
add     eax, 91076440h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 144D33ABh
sub     eax, 0EF473712h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C51718C9h
sub     eax, 366B060Ch
add     eax, 338E9D77h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 50350524h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5CEA0048h
sub     eax, 0EA9CDA4Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FADD8AEAh
add     eax, 0E5B8FD5Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 709C298Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 3C73DF05h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 7702CDA1h
sub     eax, 9B6C19F6h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5C9B5358h
sub     eax, 3E574ED9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AEE6DE51h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E0B6AE8Ah
add     eax, 6C9FA92Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 620AE63Bh
add     eax, 15C2E1CFh
xor     eax, 0D6746494h
not     eax
xor     eax, 878C9BE1h
add     eax, 0C52BFDA5h
sub     eax, 93E850B2h
xor     eax, 129B730Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DE56249Bh
add     eax, 0B4FE58EDh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0C7651D00h
xor     eax, 52B80D43h
xor     eax, 89ED70E2h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0F2BD38CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 34E0D22Dh
xor     eax, 84DA16AFh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8F95F650h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D92832C4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2E358E8Ah
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0DE4B3538h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0A9CDA308h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 28EB9C8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 527776A1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0FC2A3FC7h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9D28DDD6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 47DF718Eh
sub     eax, 1FBFE3E1h
xor     eax, 84E9EF16h
sub     eax, 0E8E3B58Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 10B6A1FAh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A112496Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 12DE89B5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0C6F332E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BF70B0D0h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 65445F56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0B6BCAFCFh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C51348C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 154BA271h
add     eax, 50202E93h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 7F64FBA3h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 8D766C61h
add     eax, 4E8F3D14h
xor     eax, 0C11F3017h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F033E7D5h
sub     eax, 638E736Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 6A54015Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 17D56177h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 92CDAD4Bh
xor     eax, 7B748BE6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 5FB666CCh
xor     eax, 743AA3DBh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 692757DCh
add     eax, 85190B66h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 10E2EAB1h
sub     eax, 0D5F94C27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 84AF9E95h
xor     eax, 6FD5312Dh
sub     eax, 130AAAACh
xor     eax, 0F04ED260h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 9B45E30Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0A1389B91h
sub     eax, 413B9F84h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0EAE0D47Ah
xor     eax, 72DFB540h
xor     eax, 0E6F191D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FF9230FCh
add     eax, 33879453h
xor     eax, 6B5716DDh
add     eax, 0F9CD0CB5h
add     eax, 0F01FE2DAh
xor     eax, 0D6D84F2Fh
sub     eax, 0B22B642Bh
add     eax, 0AE0FFF4Fh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7A7F56BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E97B7CA4h
xor     eax, 920E763Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 61147015h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 21498151h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 41B4FDF6h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F3A9878Fh
add     eax, 14E98B56h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 389071F7h
sub     eax, 0EF9C0DC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C03BA042h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0F8E32BF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E848AA4Bh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B14CB4D8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4FDA7B68h
sub     eax, 0AFF94149h
xor     eax, 93330AE0h
xor     eax, 23739354h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 83447966h
add     eax, 718C2292h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 377F247Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 6D6D9BDCh
xor     eax, 0DADDF58Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 6DA5ED60h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0B06C1121h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 9BD0BB2Ch
add     eax, 3DF6E28Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 28C86362h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EE07FC2Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FD783159h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0D99A8EFFh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 66FC24E4h
sub     eax, 0FE0B95E5h
sub     eax, 0ED9BBB6Ah
sub     eax, 6EF49129h
sub     eax, 9943D8AEh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 1A3180B6h
xor     eax, 0B449E0D5h
xor     eax, 38471ABEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 845D76A4h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3099BC52h
add     eax, 7055B054h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 12ABEAEFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 7676266Ch
sub     eax, 3171CFBEh
xor     eax, 0EF521C93h
xor     eax, 5B1D40CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 728DF296h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A3F98659h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BB428ABCh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0FDB12218h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0AFEF33D0h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 100886B9h
add     eax, 84A52893h
xor     eax, 1D27A4A8h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E3B355BDh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0D01025DDh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0ADC9DA76h
xor     eax, 9A76A9F4h
sub     eax, 42F6DAA2h
add     eax, 70AD69ECh
xor     eax, 2DCD3683h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 6AAD7E69h
add     eax, 9A1FCF14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8A368FB4h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 9523B672h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 97CFE014h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0B8F737E9h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0B3431FDBh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 6BD16A49h
add     eax, 69E5A0C7h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0EE3CA3C5h
sub     eax, 7962BE18h
add     eax, 0FEEB198Eh
sub     eax, 919EE616h
sub     eax, 9952DA3Bh
xor     eax, 0EF523987h
sub     eax, 0EC872EC3h
add     eax, 2DD9FF4Bh
sub     eax, 4C6A0E5Fh
sub     eax, 4C3F5BA3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F01E37D8h
xor     eax, 2DDFF8E1h
add     eax, 55AA1079h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 29A9E23Ah
xor     eax, 1DDC1F5Eh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 502B2EF3h
xor     eax, 635D1F34h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 6A069C60h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 98D6FD1Eh
xor     eax, 0B5D255A4h
add     eax, 0A48C717Ch
add     eax, 0E024F228h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 686BBD7Bh
add     eax, 9675088Fh
add     eax, 0EE2F5368h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 5AFD9135h
xor     eax, 0A1CC5A3Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D8EC3301h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 10089DBDh
add     eax, 0A3449CD7h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0EED60FF1h
add     eax, 5B3AAD78h
add     eax, 0B0692B0Dh
add     eax, 0B7A4CB48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D25B0DE4h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 2BAC9360h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0DB96933Fh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 494B6AB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 411BFDE8h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0FA7139B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0A30E9A1Eh
sub     eax, 449A2A5Eh
xor     eax, 0EE92B46Eh
add     eax, 9D1E4727h
xor     eax, 0E8E2ADE1h
add     eax, 0FA12012Ch
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 13B23622h
sub     eax, 0ADF7E71Eh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BB6CE2C4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FB79FF46h
sub     eax, 0BDFFDEF1h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 85F774BCh
xor     eax, 28546529h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9D1CF184h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F7888EBDh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 264926F6h
add     eax, 5B6D4D4Dh
add     eax, 36E7B08Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 329F60B5h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 41D6988Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1C6594C5h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8021BEAFh
sub     eax, 0F2833CEEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 4DCE4869h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0C13B3539h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 9DBC8203h
sub     eax, 0D8DBFDBAh
xor     eax, 5ACC23E8h
xor     eax, 81DF1D2Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 5AF6E1F8h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2E03227Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BDA86A2Dh
sub     eax, 8AF4B8E8h
sub     eax, 3D86D7FBh
add     eax, 0C0C52335h
sub     eax, 0A63309EEh
add     eax, 93574DFCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2858289Bh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0D430A1C9h
sub     eax, 0FBD8D60Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0AEDBCA80h
add     eax, 2A68D5EDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 97D2D208h
xor     eax, 0DEF8DB66h
xor     eax, 0D581D52Fh
add     eax, 8AB7F134h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0C712657Ch
add     eax, 566ACEC3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 701F69A0h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 5FB7C634h
sub     eax, 14E7C031h
sub     eax, 4AE48899h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A46C7DAFh
xor     eax, 3BA98376h
xor     eax, 0D5701009h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F2F0E9ABh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0DA55B5EFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 365EA995h
sub     eax, 6E00E3EDh
sub     eax, 0B2D179DCh
add     eax, 0CC54A7F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 9DB6B885h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 72888D41h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0A4837EBCh
sub     eax, 75CEC462h
sub     eax, 63526334h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 1464B3A2h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1F8B67F5h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 19433E4Bh
add     eax, 998DAEEFh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0B834D714h
add     eax, 0CB8FA6BEh
add     eax, 0C95AC880h
xor     eax, 50D36A51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 68DCEE3Fh
xor     eax, 0C08EE98Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CDDB7F20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 92FE1855h
sub     eax, 4B0BCDFFh
add     eax, 0E8682329h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 12147C8Fh
sub     eax, 955D7780h
add     eax, 69A58B28h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3AD4A46Dh
sub     eax, 2E234B08h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 1D0100B7h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 79815C51h
sub     eax, 0EB207688h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 536DFF06h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 509DD654h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 14861B9Eh
xor     eax, 0EA8D32F9h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 1801606Dh
xor     eax, 0CB8B1B45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 29D1616Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E8C409B5h
add     eax, 577F6BB1h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E0F1F17Ch
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4D210D9Ah
sub     eax, 741047D1h
xor     eax, 18088371h
xor     eax, 4038E74Bh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D8B79FDDh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 640AB815h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5429EA03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 28FC512Dh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 1C1FE46Eh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0D0151607h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0B949B4E9h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A6476468h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 438461F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0E59AAA68h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7E56B9F4h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 13D6E00Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 86AC9465h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CCAAB112h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A148B813h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 4E176D98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CD8AD7F8h
xor     eax, 52AB60EAh
add     eax, 1E6EBD36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C0482E09h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 82C75FB4h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EC394002h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 68B3486Dh
sub     eax, 8843DF76h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BA8A9EC1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0FB23A673h
xor     eax, 0E9C50B81h
add     eax, 651F8AD6h
add     eax, 0D7B7EC9Bh
add     eax, 0F4C2C384h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4996CEC5h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7839F72Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 53C1F960h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B8A77665h
sub     eax, 0E300212Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 2D568993h
xor     eax, 0AE65363Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 2413280Bh
sub     eax, 0B0F7CB6Fh
add     eax, 0BDFA61F8h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0BCFE89D1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 154AC9ECh
sub     eax, 4C4A45D2h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 9B49F26Bh
sub     eax, 66DB4CFFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 38387A50h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 9C142E16h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 69B66F5Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F5A9D525h
xor     eax, 57EFDA84h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 9E9615C6h
add     eax, 699E9272h
add     eax, 9B07C0EFh
xor     eax, 0F31C1597h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0E031DB1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2217E79Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 302482CDh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 67D2DCB0h
sub     eax, 0BDF45367h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B3A5BC3Eh
xor     eax, 0D1E86C0Dh
add     eax, 1D8BCB47h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0D390336Eh
add     eax, 8E8E8172h
sub     eax, 0A9A19372h
add     eax, 891122B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E3F390A3h
sub     eax, 0EE43193Dh
add     eax, 41364598h
sub     eax, 24C00410h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 19453A0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5B2FD1B0h
add     eax, 3E6F2DDAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 299A92E0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 22A156DBh
sub     eax, 0A50CF387h
sub     eax, 0C204DFDDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 12FBD21Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FEBEDD5Bh
xor     eax, 0ECAC8990h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C19A73C5h
xor     eax, 8AC65D20h
xor     eax, 26A80A74h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 592D3FE2h
sub     eax, 0E86E27CAh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 4670B770h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0AC6FEBE5h
xor     eax, 4B27C0EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 361874EAh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0A2CE09F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 454F988Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E45C524Fh
add     eax, 2582B4D7h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 99A5A444h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0B3DAE197h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C28CC8ADh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D28DE9A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6816B801h
add     eax, 43834B4Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7BD671ECh
sub     eax, 0DE25BAAFh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0ECC7713Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0D17E3D44h
add     eax, 4B83B38Bh
sub     eax, 9B8AE0EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5F6E554Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2DEBC238h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0EB87E84Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DA8F1EBBh
xor     eax, 3F7CDBF1h
sub     eax, 70F3FC9Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A3BCCC79h
add     eax, 55860A32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 1D3BBA45h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F69240D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 7B3E86BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5DBCB106h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0C95570FBh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8E33008Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 39502DC1h
sub     eax, 5D27293Bh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0CA1D95E3h
add     eax, 701928ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0F7FFE105h
add     eax, 0AC257913h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8CD6067Bh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0D71485B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2121B65Dh
xor     eax, 0B1657E18h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 7DFBEDAAh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 6D9DC9ECh
xor     eax, 7D08F641h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E1E28E71h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B8064BD9h
sub     eax, 75C383D2h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 1FAB604Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F4B28AAEh
add     eax, 0E80E4625h
add     eax, 7E131200h
xor     eax, 4097A0CAh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0F76AE457h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0B52C8F8Fh
add     eax, 0D77909F5h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 551F7FCDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E2B999E8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0D94F3673h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 8CCC8DE1h
xor     eax, 0CE5AAA66h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0BCA40396h
not     eax
add     eax, 3DC5A5A7h
xor     eax, 51E5B9E0h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 36AC4CDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 520F86C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EE02D148h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 358A6BA3h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0EC9C9BA9h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 9B32A3AFh
add     eax, 0B784B447h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 28F17D87h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 756CACC2h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ECD0F0A1h
sub     eax, 0BCDDA088h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0CA784777h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0DF394228h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 8E909537h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DF43A098h
sub     eax, 36E15FE6h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0B2DF3327h
sub     eax, 1372F44Fh
add     eax, 61D58807h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E5BE39D0h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB2E96DCh
xor     eax, 8A002D38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 87901899h
not     eax
add     eax, 2A4834A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0E484FD23h
sub     eax, 4385D145h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 61074ED5h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 329CC68Fh
add     eax, 71E8669Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 22E96D3Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8DC0FA45h
sub     eax, 0E92870A0h
sub     eax, 27AA0C36h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0A2D15560h
xor     eax, 0B0DAB520h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 88FDC7C5h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 324AA1E8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4DD347B3h
xor     eax, 4C8E405Eh
sub     eax, 22A86D8Bh
add     eax, 59FC2ADAh
xor     eax, 32861021h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 964C0964h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 68924C7Ah
add     eax, 7283C63Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 6C6AE36Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0F27FD0E9h
sub     eax, 0E2CBABEDh
sub     eax, 0D0DBA6B0h
sub     eax, 92627D7Dh
add     eax, 891099E3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DDAD554Fh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0A0C58AE4h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 498AF42Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 68EAAC00h
sub     eax, 51CB28B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 5ED18D0Bh
add     eax, 9829D00Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2998E92Dh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F04C6AB1h
add     eax, 99E7DEC2h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0F8899064h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0CB916EADh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 31CA20FAh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0D6BC2869h
xor     eax, 95EF54B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 14282C09h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 4BDC722Bh
xor     eax, 0B5AA5BF4h
add     eax, 510BBEF1h
sub     eax, 61B3BAF5h
xor     eax, 5C3B123Fh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 427F2E46h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0DFCED1DFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2843E4E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 32BD4D8Ah
xor     eax, 1B7D273Ah
add     eax, 72D1980Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 52D3A9CBh
add     eax, 507F33E5h
add     eax, 0B5A03FC8h
add     eax, 0CE438D21h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0D6FE32D1h
add     eax, 9F603431h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 371FBC12h
add     eax, 6B5227F7h
not     eax
add     eax, 9EDCEB99h
add     eax, 0D0155BA2h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 8C155C64h
xor     eax, 47BC7C7Fh
xor     eax, 27B6A33Bh
xor     eax, 0D6D56DB4h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0CCD1EDCBh
xor     eax, 0BF22F28Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0F0E7536Eh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0A12CB46Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0D690BF9Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4D726CEAh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 2E29209Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 2615F795h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 8FE6700Bh
xor     eax, 0D8B19853h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F9A7FF0Ch
xor     eax, 7EEAC471h
add     eax, 5AD4538Bh
xor     eax, 0A2587B8Ah
add     eax, 0ABDA9706h
add     eax, 0B5774E78h
sub     eax, 5761B1CFh
sub     eax, 216BF430h
xor     eax, 26FF225Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 10DC23F1h
xor     eax, 2C96FB18h
sub     eax, 11CC686Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 70E9065Dh
sub     eax, 0E439DA02h
add     eax, 46950BA8h
sub     eax, 33208969h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FB7FB225h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5E3C8C12h
sub     eax, 18DAE11Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 9959B5FDh
add     eax, 62AF4916h
add     eax, 0FF2BB1D7h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 955CBFF1h
xor     eax, 0CFE3D2ADh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 4C260A02h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A472A78Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 7FF21D1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 602059D6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 89DB3EBAh
add     eax, 5FDC4E99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6AA6A88Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 67E2ED97h
sub     eax, 0D868645Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 25D60D0Fh
sub     eax, 8436501Dh
xor     eax, 8074ACDEh
add     eax, 3CA02FBDh
sub     eax, 846574CCh
add     eax, 1EC7A953h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8E3D1A1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0D9F75F1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E3403463h
xor     eax, 7349B84Ah
sub     eax, 9174E5BCh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E5F37663h
sub     eax, 3E54B6F6h
sub     eax, 12F22B1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DBAEBAC0h
sub     eax, 5D04703Ch
sub     eax, 0D61DC282h
add     eax, 61337CF1h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E8791CE9h
xor     eax, 0EB8A3AF1h
xor     eax, 42C00940h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 83D1F8FEh
xor     eax, 0A6603D5Ah
xor     eax, 0AECC49D1h
xor     eax, 838D3E0Bh
sub     eax, 0EFEF1F9Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 3F9FAC2Ch
add     eax, 0F1190BDFh
add     eax, 95F2D398h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5AD7FB2Fh
add     eax, 0D2733C13h
sub     eax, 0CEC5BEF1h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F5AC985Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C5AF854Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 32A62908h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D1FE23A4h
xor     eax, 0B18A7A97h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 49CC2E4Fh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 425A2BB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E14CBCAEh
xor     eax, 7C5AEFA5h
add     eax, 9C7555A0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 74F63437h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 6B44C812h
sub     eax, 0A860EE7Bh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1929D2F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C1A19A1Eh
add     eax, 212F4132h
add     eax, 693C4EA7h
sub     eax, 0C035A24Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 9109A357h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 61F91E93h
sub     eax, 9A2866DAh
add     eax, 2F357771h
sub     eax, 2E091A06h
add     eax, 0BC8E6C1Eh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 310362AEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 8557D767h
sub     eax, 26819A92h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A13A0775h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0D3FF070Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 6705A139h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 4B1E15F6h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 42C2861Ah
xor     eax, 2DF6804Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E556B133h
not     eax
add     eax, 9FDCBB6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0EA73D077h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0FA0438DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C89AA622h
xor     eax, 815AB070h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 396077F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0B400FBC3h
sub     eax, 1FC72410h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0FA30B01Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B11EB525h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 642AD4E7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CADA1CE2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 17B8B5ECh
xor     eax, 3028E44Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 67063C75h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FBBDFB4Bh
sub     eax, 67ADE499h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0CE9FF87Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 5741141Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7C91DC38h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A7AC8DDEh
xor     eax, 0A04ABF49h
add     eax, 2F8B220Fh
xor     eax, 0AAA54792h
sub     eax, 3F9EC016h
add     eax, 0C0EED9BEh
xor     eax, 8A5FB7B7h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 604B99C4h
add     eax, 0EFE8EAD4h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 871A8344h
sub     eax, 72F09DCBh
add     eax, 0E4AA835Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 99AD8D3Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0B21445FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 4B6E218Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7AF34037h
sub     eax, 61756910h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 8D9B0CFEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8C18C2F8h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 8268EE5Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 95C5CE94h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 6DE2474Bh
xor     eax, 8A9029BAh
sub     eax, 9B507497h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 25356EF4h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 9B1CD171h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 613133F4h
sub     eax, 0EC910636h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 582FDAACh
xor     eax, 10C9A1F0h
xor     eax, 4E564F24h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 78A2144Eh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6F931080h
add     eax, 0C53E41ADh
xor     eax, 0F368E0F0h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0C1E9D682h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 82C78445h
sub     eax, 776B4FA8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 29E17BBCh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 872F2853h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0B89904B9h
add     eax, 9E00DBE0h
sub     eax, 0A339951Fh
sub     eax, 0D270A79Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 95ABBEC8h
add     eax, 0FDEBAF6Fh
sub     eax, 82B3B70Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 47108460h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0A32AB85Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0C42E0C7Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0DFA831E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3114E96Fh
add     eax, 46E4DDBFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0F6C2C163h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 4A036F0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 8B2B1AE5h
xor     eax, 161E5E17h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 32B1A7E8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 96B4AD97h
add     eax, 646EB3E0h
xor     eax, 694DAE3Bh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 43B67DAAh
xor     eax, 46090AC9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7BA0B203h
xor     eax, 0DB135267h
sub     eax, 70E3D9E0h
xor     eax, 7E4681FFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0DCE87597h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 733AC043h
xor     eax, 7D66C30Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 15CA01C8h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 974A58BFh
add     eax, 26B195A0h
sub     eax, 26A82BE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EFF808B3h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 7A636152h
xor     eax, 0CEF47164h
sub     eax, 0E9897CC8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F5E62C7Ch
xor     eax, 9393E9EDh
add     eax, 84288B0Bh
xor     eax, 0FC4AF4D6h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 77BBB87Fh
add     eax, 0E70C2381h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DBF7B45Ah
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A6A26151h
sub     eax, 3BFDB64Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CA0A75A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0A59938BFh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 1863A6EAh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0ACCB8536h
xor     eax, 0D251E165h
sub     eax, 0BFB7E081h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A18C4DCAh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 93BC0696h
add     eax, 29444B0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 53D47F53h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0C6D59A2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0F8B8A55Ch
xor     eax, 3D71FA97h
xor     eax, 0FC176A95h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 8F57FAA4h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8C8C985Eh
add     eax, 4C4FEA15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E1C4A1A6h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 8F452C1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 7D4E7404h
xor     eax, 9D468669h
sub     eax, 9D05F5A0h
add     eax, 6D87C636h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 518170ECh
add     eax, 2DBB80A6h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6349009Dh
xor     eax, 0CFDEEF22h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 9A477298h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B0C19DF9h
sub     eax, 9E9DD2F3h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 1C06628Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4E48B83Fh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 8C1F1DC5h
sub     eax, 2A4334D9h
add     eax, 7EC63ECCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FC849ED1h
not     eax
add     eax, 61EFF3C1h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0BA0D0B45h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 85619018h
sub     eax, 0EAB2C9CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1151F883h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DE06986Eh
add     eax, 40B3864Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0D9B93E5Dh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 9C32F725h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 3BC479E6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 320684EFh
add     eax, 0E6F26A96h
add     eax, 0B56F2279h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AF62EE7Ah
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 8E81ADA2h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A99CB416h
xor     eax, 7AFFECDDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0EAC100FCh
sub     eax, 4184DD66h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 2197DBD6h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 7088B441h
sub     eax, 1CFB999Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 9E44436Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 204C596Ch
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0B71927B8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0FB12D276h
sub     eax, 980B0E50h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 6A03A20Dh
xor     eax, 0A0C90779h
sub     eax, 0B47E685Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 425A8CDEh
add     eax, 0D9121ED1h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 829663A1h
xor     eax, 0FC85341Dh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0B3D48327h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 5A565804h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 21D3E869h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 6255EB65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0E8FFA515h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B6288E89h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 65865C23h
xor     eax, 889AAA3Fh
sub     eax, 97A50814h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 907D92AFh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E499AA19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9C660735h
sub     eax, 9D729525h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0DB9AB75Ch
xor     eax, 0E7320A55h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 60016BBDh
add     eax, 20C784B8h
add     eax, 1C2033B4h
sub     eax, 5512B751h
sub     eax, 88591E9Bh
sub     eax, 8B6A3DFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0FF0D9C64h
add     eax, 89CA2343h
add     eax, 956C0453h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0C3A0BF4Dh
sub     eax, 59A1C0F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A9FBEB08h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 93F6659Ch
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 39031185h
add     eax, 57491C31h
sub     eax, 61ADB19Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D4BAFF30h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0AC18C100h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0D24C7724h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 606CF43Fh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 10F6B2E5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3E225A84h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 57B71179h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 8C8341F2h
sub     eax, 53662DD7h
xor     eax, 0F21D0C7Eh
add     eax, 0F5542093h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0D8DD34F4h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 8F1235DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 51D5A97Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0F0BE2C79h
add     eax, 986104A2h
xor     eax, 0B2B9992Ch
sub     eax, 5D33978Ch
add     eax, 2B7BE76Eh
sub     eax, 6D1A944Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 5BD56481h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 94FE722Ah
xor     eax, 0EA36B452h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 1BBC0E0Bh
add     eax, 0FA8C51FFh
xor     eax, 4673D5E0h
add     eax, 1DCA06FDh
add     eax, 0A757D8B0h
xor     eax, 511E3764h
sub     eax, 8715B418h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B8C79235h
sub     eax, 0B6D9797Ch
sub     eax, 0D8691B38h
sub     eax, 9AFD1827h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0ADDDFC49h
sub     eax, 0DB5FDBE0h
add     eax, 0F85327E3h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 2AB3EEBBh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0A218626Ch
sub     eax, 64DC9A68h
sub     eax, 30FB858Bh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0F5A02ECCh
sub     eax, 0C07322B6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C2D0A8AFh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 4B3C71A5h
xor     eax, 7FF3DA6Dh
sub     eax, 5CFE7111h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FFEB1F66h
xor     eax, 3F9FA582h
xor     eax, 0F0BC4C4Eh
add     eax, 459ADA49h
add     eax, 0A0B9F3D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 55F76EACh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 9D769773h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0B50D02CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 176AE92Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2BDEE481h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FC64D07Ah
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 8748BC57h
add     eax, 346642A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 53D72A38h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 8BE6BCD5h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 23F729BCh
sub     eax, 0BA84475Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E19CAABCh
add     eax, 0BCBAD597h
xor     eax, 0CBA2AC2Dh
sub     eax, 0ACB10CC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 29F3CB8Bh
xor     eax, 2CAE33B4h
sub     eax, 0B699F732h
add     eax, 0A648944Ah
sub     eax, 0FBCBBCE8h
add     eax, 712F1402h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C6258BA2h
add     eax, 0EB52173Fh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 149CAFC8h
sub     eax, 3C7DE56Ch
xor     eax, 0D0CDAF9Eh
sub     eax, 78B52C88h
add     eax, 0CEC8492Ch
add     eax, 5EC9BDDAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1385E81Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F12F7CA5h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 5815D574h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 49549234h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 44BA2ADFh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F6CCF451h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0EF771239h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 8173EBE9h
add     eax, 70620B9Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 80962C95h
xor     eax, 7EAF9276h
add     eax, 0E84C42DBh
sub     eax, 99737DC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 57FED196h
add     eax, 0E4D7F0CCh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 713F53B0h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 9F590A4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A47BFB8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F7A257CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8D0A75F4h
add     eax, 0FA996708h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 8CBC539Ch
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 98BD91FCh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 4016D60Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 480798D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 95AFAA44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0B4AC6D8Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EDE3B49Ah
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CAEBDC95h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0BB6F3558h
sub     eax, 0B7F3F7A2h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 26FB787Fh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0D00358A5h
xor     eax, 2084A1E0h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 4714D427h
sub     eax, 43C5D439h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0B033466Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 31D81AD1h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0FAF59445h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0A9A0E8F2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6CB71DC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 6F10694Dh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0BAD9DDBEh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A6640D22h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 4EF4C6FDh
add     eax, 146164FBh
sub     eax, 993D9D83h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 27F58F68h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 4D627580h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0D19D7B0Dh
add     eax, 62E3D0A0h
xor     eax, 0FD51AAEFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 17959814h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 6A596427h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 5F0676DFh
add     eax, 9FED1788h
xor     eax, 3E8D10EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9E7BB4E7h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 4F1B2FA2h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6CB13BB8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1EFA2AECh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0F1257574h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 91BEC8D0h
xor     eax, 0FD20D250h
sub     eax, 2F9FC79Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DAA70308h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 85FD47CDh
add     eax, 5621414Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 43D28EA1h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B1C749A3h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0AC846C29h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0F5F19AD0h
xor     eax, 88377FBCh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 820A59A0h
xor     eax, 23FE7B77h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 87235C3Bh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0A3781746h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 27CC06CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3660BA7Bh
add     eax, 9B2A9BCFh
xor     eax, 0E6CD574Fh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0D8BE9726h
add     eax, 5427D41Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 96836E83h
xor     eax, 0ECE55867h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D35395D4h
add     eax, 259B00B5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 69003309h
xor     eax, 13B5574Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2D6196DCh
add     eax, 0B83F14F2h
sub     eax, 2F943708h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 23BB4708h
xor     eax, 192E5460h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0ACE6D98Eh
sub     eax, 0E7DE67F9h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 4C491A22h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 7F8331A5h
xor     eax, 0D8293590h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8E483D87h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0D6ADAE3Bh
add     eax, 0B7A62358h
add     eax, 812E686Ch
add     eax, 94751AA9h
xor     eax, 0BFC31A59h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 221502DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 5D7EA30Fh
sub     eax, 6B701DD4h
add     eax, 48F69431h
add     eax, 8847140Ch
xor     eax, 6D68367Fh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 2E17C2F6h
add     eax, 920E8C88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 50BA62C8h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 628DC58Bh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 611AF28Ah
add     eax, 4A078642h
add     eax, 94459FD2h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 90363AB0h
sub     eax, 9B626D66h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 3DD1C484h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ACA697EDh
add     eax, 32CBF012h
add     eax, 89B5D7EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 15D24DEBh
sub     eax, 0A3A4B21Bh
add     eax, 0C401639Fh
xor     eax, 6E48018Bh
xor     eax, 0E39BB3D1h
sub     eax, 0D3C40C55h
xor     eax, 93DB3911h
add     eax, 56C78F9Bh
add     eax, 7F47119Fh
xor     eax, 48761C4Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 95233FD0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0A866D8A3h
sub     eax, 0FBB30E8Ah
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 2D88F273h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0A7ACFE68h
xor     eax, 3C84DB41h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A86C17CCh
sub     eax, 17293A1Bh
xor     eax, 0D2AB0C2Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 16EA8EB2h
add     eax, 0BA59CB56h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0C5F9D324h
xor     eax, 68CB4E0Eh
xor     eax, 0C7F9B60Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DB166F9Dh
add     eax, 237F1391h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B89C5474h
sub     eax, 7E96ADDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FFDBA273h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 42C14BAFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 420C5C17h
sub     eax, 0C3F25B93h
add     eax, 0F26F705Ch
xor     eax, 0C37E26DFh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0D4AD5CFAh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 38065567h
add     eax, 97C2EACCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BDB5DCB2h
add     eax, 4BB5BF7Eh
xor     eax, 5B8CE067h
add     eax, 0E1A3B5D7h
sub     eax, 1450842Ah
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4A5C5AD0h
xor     eax, 7D849D8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 251A0B5Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DA782600h
xor     eax, 2D65D2F0h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0AE8E762Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D76072F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E9883A97h
xor     eax, 3BDB35A2h
sub     eax, 9A39DE20h
sub     eax, 0C1E47FF8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 846180D1h
sub     eax, 5DF88642h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 5FCE180Bh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0C4A671ADh
sub     eax, 0A6FDA45Ch
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0B5431483h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C6BEFA85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 98B1F6B3h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 3E4BE576h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0C00D5D25h
add     eax, 0DF3596D8h
sub     eax, 17F432D1h
sub     eax, 8DB6A9B6h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0C23FBA05h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0F2C80C46h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 214E5CC2h
sub     eax, 457DCBDAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F5BD4D42h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 5DED604Ah
add     eax, 0F09FB371h
not     eax
xor     eax, 619F76A9h
add     eax, 381B2BDBh
add     eax, 395C9DA5h
xor     eax, 479994F9h
sub     eax, 0B51A46B2h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C448D5EFh
xor     eax, 52F5F166h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 55BE00E5h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 37146F78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E1AC2A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E3A7B96Ah
xor     eax, 0B5A11D42h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EFAE95ADh
sub     eax, 0C22F3E51h
add     eax, 7BC1F01Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C456CFD4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A9FE2607h
xor     eax, 492BFCD2h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 44783F70h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0D3F672E7h
xor     eax, 0CE1DD2FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 71C87875h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0D11C5BD3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 41B78117h
sub     eax, 0CB4128BEh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0ABDB7487h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 5A936C70h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DBBF715Ch
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 3515A78Bh
sub     eax, 9846E691h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 64BDB792h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0BB0877DFh
add     eax, 16E27052h
sub     eax, 8519247Fh
xor     eax, 3D8D411Eh
add     eax, 0D1EDB3B8h
add     eax, 4C5DA181h
sub     eax, 70925E7Ah
add     eax, 57DB6350h
xor     eax, 870C6C81h
add     eax, 0CB4CFE5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 87B37078h
xor     eax, 9294AB0Fh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7503A56h
xor     eax, 0FE55A97Eh
sub     eax, 0CEFB3A20h
not     eax
add     eax, 3C445D13h
xor     eax, 0D71D104Bh
xor     eax, 0BCA74ED0h
sub     eax, 0F89F92DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FBB844E6h
add     eax, 58DB16EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 677B3C03h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 1CD9626Eh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0CDDAFBFBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 82927877h
add     eax, 0E202AB7Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AFB96C7Ch
add     eax, 2658D5CAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 5367E917h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 4A93C8DEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BFDB65AEh
sub     eax, 0FB6B74B9h
xor     eax, 813BD1BFh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0AB746000h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 998ADE47h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 52D33B7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F24A9AA8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 29922258h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E7C91755h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0A2E22B2Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 6854ACEDh
xor     eax, 0F5D83FEBh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 578CC131h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 85EF8771h
not     eax
sub     eax, 190530EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8EFE6BCFh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0D121B9C8h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BCAAAD3Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FC800E3Ah
add     eax, 0DB9F7BF6h
sub     eax, 0FA627C78h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 894AA43Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 949BAD02h
add     eax, 740C1C57h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0B78DE013h
add     eax, 0B7C34B60h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 84CDC87Fh
xor     eax, 0F1FD2F90h
xor     eax, 0A54C6819h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 661E104Fh
sub     eax, 0C506B0EDh
add     eax, 98555A64h
sub     eax, 30D4F621h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 50E2E572h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0C1FEA0EFh
add     eax, 4CF0BC25h
xor     eax, 0AEA5FA59h
xor     eax, 1C5A7F1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2547B8B0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C458AE24h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CD10E10Dh
xor     eax, 0B26C1E8Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C4FB7A08h
xor     eax, 2B7E5757h
not     eax
sub     eax, 91DB23F2h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4AFA3524h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 692276B4h
add     eax, 0C91CC0D2h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 20BDC59Eh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 4F2CD13Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 8479A2DEh
add     eax, 19E78A7Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 114E2D21h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1703EEFEh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5EFB67BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 7032F4E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D634C4B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4CC9CF12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E9FF2679h
sub     eax, 0ABA34879h
not     eax
add     eax, 1741FE30h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 64A752FBh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 590EC9DEh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0E9AD2A03h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F5F09D14h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 8CA76173h
add     eax, 17766005h
xor     eax, 6C650878h
sub     eax, 5BCAD9C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A36E44E2h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C8C1D5F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C546195Fh
sub     eax, 4C422D55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 718F3A52h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7CF4A824h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0ACE42D5Ah
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 2E8357DDh
sub     eax, 8DA25582h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 6C55CFBFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 815CE007h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 805BAF1Ah
add     eax, 1D7F743Ah
sub     eax, 47AFDC23h
xor     eax, 0DE45B1C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0D2934AC2h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0F37DB106h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 821A5C11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4EAA31C0h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 6739660Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 883F4FF5h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 9C9674ADh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 219C3A1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 9CF76854h
xor     eax, 3248C48Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0B9F2A17Ah
sub     eax, 0A87B06D4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8B1625A1h
add     eax, 87FC087Ah
add     eax, 0D508B3EEh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 297AD53Eh
sub     eax, 0DF084A34h
sub     eax, 6674B458h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0FE135F32h
sub     eax, 1426BDFBh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 20ED6597h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 70A973ABh
add     eax, 7D25C2D0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 68DF1D87h
add     eax, 87ADEF08h
xor     eax, 9FBB9D17h
add     eax, 64B6B46Bh
add     eax, 2389A671h
sub     eax, 0CD268191h
sub     eax, 959171D5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 515A22A9h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 8C81178Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6A7DB150h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0ACD963DDh
xor     eax, 6D8E7071h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 30262A48h
xor     eax, 0DC205D6Bh
add     eax, 4F2D5D05h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2943DDE2h
sub     eax, 437A982Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 8145279Ch
sub     eax, 0B33B39D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F9ACB368h
add     eax, 8547B066h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0B827B363h
sub     eax, 346959D1h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0BD820391h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 1444E207h
sub     eax, 112C2FDAh
xor     eax, 8193D1AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C65E3000h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A48603C9h
sub     eax, 0ACAFD42Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 54ED61B4h
add     eax, 4BC58377h
xor     eax, 87CE2660h
xor     eax, 13697845h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A6F5D165h
xor     eax, 65313B61h
add     eax, 63A1C6D8h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 77FB04F8h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0C32023CAh
xor     eax, 0A8D57495h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0D8D06EE4h
sub     eax, 53B82F91h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 14BC9E13h
xor     eax, 48F982DFh
sub     eax, 66242452h
sub     eax, 0C4F51E1Fh
sub     eax, 5ADEB0D4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8ED2C5ECh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 279FFC7Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 78DBA7EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 2DF4B901h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4E86A2B7h
add     eax, 2D18D6F8h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 43BF05B7h
xor     eax, 8A9F3951h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 7FF96D76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 882F09E3h
sub     eax, 572707CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E0A3B22Bh
add     eax, 24CF0A85h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 89F7DA43h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0BFD13928h
xor     eax, 87F0238Dh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0B6796DD3h
xor     eax, 0F3AD107Ch
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 338440B1h
xor     eax, 29A053B0h
sub     eax, 6230029Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 7AD3B3F0h
add     eax, 89CEBA0Ch
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CA6C7D53h
xor     eax, 0AD4A3CE6h
add     eax, 0B3EA8508h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 8E1469A2h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 48867991h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0C478AFFEh
add     eax, 66C45A0Ah
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 9A12CF04h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 32DF3BFAh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 59CEA84Fh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 223A8746h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0B16812F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9EB42905h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 9578FD2Eh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 87EC739Eh
sub     eax, 0DF805DDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DE03B59Ch
add     eax, 0BCEA8D35h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2DD1C322h
sub     eax, 0FB8D79ACh
add     eax, 1AA72648h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A0E84F90h
xor     eax, 0DD94F128h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0CD6C8931h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 8F7FF7BBh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0CAFC35B9h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 69EC12DEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3BB1270Bh
xor     eax, 7FB0D020h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 432011A3h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 7AE6CAD0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 47A06130h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 1AC79FC0h
xor     eax, 0FB626385h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BFE80233h
xor     eax, 95C97719h
sub     eax, 0FB4A4733h
not     eax
xor     eax, 317FA8B5h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0A8A6C503h
sub     eax, 7DEFE2E1h
xor     eax, 0F9389585h
xor     eax, 6FD06291h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0FA08AD22h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 901FE5B2h
xor     eax, 7795BA51h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 6F93D496h
sub     eax, 0D38921F8h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BE64DA5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EB027D43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 85553193h
add     eax, 0B6245792h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0B0F3728Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 7B148B88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 82A596FBh
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0C7DC9FB9h
sub     eax, 8869B280h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0DD83F9CEh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 2959D392h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 948534D4h
add     eax, 239B9087h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 90ECF744h
sub     eax, 0B4F60DFFh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C331BA3Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0B9C893A8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AF28C433h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 6542A55Fh
sub     eax, 0C6A68DD4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 11D8BCD3h
xor     eax, 0E27A9E71h
sub     eax, 89262F62h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 6368C8DAh
add     eax, 3B7B1A08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EBED9AE5h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 302C193Ah
add     eax, 11FC4B83h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 687273A1h
add     eax, 5A6AB40Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1EFA3346h
not     eax
add     eax, 14AD34C8h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 2F0E624Dh
sub     eax, 8B410D09h
not     eax
add     eax, 32EA7219h
add     eax, 0A57AA316h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9276F478h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 4D77ADE2h
add     eax, 50FF3AB6h
sub     eax, 0EFFE7406h
xor     eax, 0EA12AEBFh
add     eax, 0E5BE0F36h
xor     eax, 0C0888066h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0FAA72E40h
sub     eax, 7FBC8400h
add     eax, 4AFFFB68h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 5D7BCEA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 88B69E31h
sub     eax, 8536667Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6D8ED9CBh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B0154DC8h
add     eax, 0A0B58BD5h
xor     eax, 0CD2E37C2h
add     eax, 4FCFEFD5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4E516802h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F618B4E3h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 75A8B132h
sub     eax, 9DA482EFh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 5D9D5741h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 4B27861Ah
sub     eax, 0ADECEBBFh
add     eax, 28F39936h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 82BDDA72h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0FE6DBD90h
add     eax, 0FB3772E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4BFA387Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 8A47F49Fh
xor     eax, 0A6B02578h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C93A5695h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 47B58B38h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 2157AE29h
not     eax
xor     eax, 63355374h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 7D72A5D3h
add     eax, 99C9F71Ch
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 48872830h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 76C1B269h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 658910E6h
xor     eax, 1778AEACh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4A13EFB3h
sub     eax, 0A92221F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B4836F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 75598A71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1B3E33C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 68920A95h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A1B664A3h
xor     eax, 0CDD3AEA4h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A6FE423Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 5705739Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0C7F8DE8Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 92A29B33h
xor     eax, 0ECFDAFC1h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 850C52ABh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0A527047Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 91355081h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0ED4F81C9h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C49E10A2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0D4F4947Bh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AE952FE8h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 50E828EFh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 349FA749h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0D3EF0AC7h
sub     eax, 1AD24D11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D1A9CA61h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 67F9980Bh
xor     eax, 6E6E659Dh
add     eax, 0CFE9C6D8h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 4D40EC73h
not     eax
add     eax, 3D605455h
add     eax, 24B988C6h
xor     eax, 0CB838749h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 7B8FEE2Bh
sub     eax, 1425653Ah
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 15B52911h
sub     eax, 6E53990Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0C6ECB524h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0FB02D2E0h
xor     eax, 74016A2Eh
add     eax, 1CE98330h
not     eax
add     eax, 46F48660h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0B5F69817h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0D21654F9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 1E706CE8h
add     eax, 94C62D42h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2A0CC588h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 1F6DB374h
xor     eax, 66D0F242h
xor     eax, 554DDCB2h
sub     eax, 4586ADB0h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0DD846B77h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 217ACBEBh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 30693B32h
sub     eax, 36674E83h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 8292387Ch
xor     eax, 7DC2A7DCh
sub     eax, 9E0B13E7h
sub     eax, 92E4CEA8h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 71484907h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ECC46028h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 6F3BDD4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0CE8DD4BFh
xor     eax, 0A36BD39Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A37BADCFh
add     eax, 6D82A851h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 6308F436h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0E009FE4Dh
sub     eax, 74056AA0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 68FBCB5Eh
add     eax, 8DC09D5Dh
xor     eax, 4ABBC871h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 70DB41AEh
add     eax, 0EAB4019Ah
sub     eax, 0B01CC3B6h
sub     eax, 0C9477C45h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0C90DD375h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 9C11C8B4h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0DACE2E18h
sub     eax, 5E4EF00Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 543B8905h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 846F365Ch
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 3B743BEDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D897EAC5h
add     eax, 0CAEAB174h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A8EF81A7h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 10937987h
add     eax, 0B6B47AA8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CE193C70h
xor     eax, 71553A1Dh
sub     eax, 0DD5F5ACFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 551AA8F1h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D8A6188Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9992B60Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0BCC84731h
not     eax
xor     eax, 75B9296Bh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 182CEB46h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 937CA160h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F2A5A96Ch
sub     eax, 996E9D55h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0CB19E9F6h
xor     eax, 2278EF10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 5DC0EA7Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8AC64D2Ah
sub     eax, 1B0DBEE8h
not     eax
add     eax, 6CB149D1h
xor     eax, 45DF0E1Eh
xor     eax, 0C0BF333Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DF3B56A5h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 68CA5EEBh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 7CCC69AFh
sub     eax, 6D8D29C1h
add     eax, 0C4E04E7Ch
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CCC3D175h
xor     eax, 0A7528290h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0BBCDD08Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 751EEE2Dh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7C455F56h
add     eax, 0D9337C4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5F9C4845h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 39EA2DDBh
xor     eax, 0FA74F421h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 1FE9E8D3h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 8A9E19FBh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C297869Bh
xor     eax, 0E7D16275h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F3FCB123h
sub     eax, 84C5E5CAh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 8053A942h
add     eax, 9C5E6DB9h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1B0B0A67h
sub     eax, 0F0BC94DDh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 7C7B955Bh
xor     eax, 74D27F09h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 18F5EE02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 485DF637h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 9B08B39Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0E9975BC4h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 4553CE43h
add     eax, 0DFC60380h
sub     eax, 8B669F59h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0C173AF27h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 4E738C05h
add     eax, 8419BC5Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 77151C86h
xor     eax, 930E57C3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 14006185h
xor     eax, 0E91E1DDFh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 1590C794h
add     eax, 227B5B87h
xor     eax, 198B6DA9h
xor     eax, 0EA08AC9Bh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 8361FAB6h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 1D0B05B8h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 8EF853CEh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 87EDE046h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 8F3BC3B9h
xor     eax, 0D3603840h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 35612C9Ah
xor     eax, 0E3A24ACBh
sub     eax, 5759982Ah
sub     eax, 2CEA2E84h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 1B3EC289h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 3B95E12Dh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0E1CD7335h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7638156Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F4584317h
xor     eax, 8D453765h
xor     eax, 62FDE7CEh
add     eax, 0B1C00DF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0C7052F38h
add     eax, 1FE6A943h
add     eax, 0E488C125h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0B9D18D33h
add     eax, 34119E31h
add     eax, 636EC7ABh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F44A4C77h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 1C2AFD89h
add     eax, 0C042002Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 27FFACCBh
xor     eax, 0FEED8521h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C1117317h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BA08DA7Ch
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0A3B16FCBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1AAB57E9h
add     eax, 0B3CA8A10h
xor     eax, 8EE33630h
add     eax, 0BD673A1Ch
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E38766C4h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 36E38628h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0DD1AEAB8h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 847C39D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E4D7394h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A89B631h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F1E408CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0BE36BF27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B52180ADh
add     eax, 0EE7F622Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0ED64EAC8h
sub     eax, 0A8FA460Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 22574D37h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 68CB66CAh
sub     eax, 2C76E1C4h
sub     eax, 0F68996F2h
add     eax, 882C6D32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C9B1B21Ch
sub     eax, 0CFB59D48h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 63249D8Ch
sub     eax, 0A524F763h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 51E7636Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0A1E11DA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1D0D71CAh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A6322F33h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0DBA62416h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5035FFEDh
add     eax, 90D26F19h
add     eax, 7D3659B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4583C597h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 424B5B15h
add     eax, 0A95089E2h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0BAB3BDA0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EC346760h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 61B87925h
sub     eax, 0FC8A3719h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 60352F00h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0FDB459D3h
add     eax, 28CD0CB1h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 64232E8Ch
sub     eax, 0CB40821Ch
add     eax, 4F15D872h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0FC4BA1CDh
sub     eax, 0F3C1C74Ch
add     eax, 616AC7E2h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3AF2368Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0FFD9856Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0DC3A7BF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 8B597EABh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FD48B367h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 15F74AF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4142B849h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 544BACA0h
add     eax, 58162700h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0B59F1194h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 8562074Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F561F445h
xor     eax, 0C2626B7Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E03CC627h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 3E80E8BDh
sub     eax, 0ED3EB1F2h
add     eax, 4D02C506h
xor     eax, 62F5CAE6h
sub     eax, 0CB49D840h
xor     eax, 292716B8h
xor     eax, 32C6FAD7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 8112D4A2h
xor     eax, 507BB9EBh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9F4D46E0h
add     eax, 6A8A0701h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2CE943ACh
sub     eax, 2EEE188Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 39659F27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7BF882F6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 24352884h
xor     eax, 0DA5C16DBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 45E1DB10h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 2E61E386h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5DE89EBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0EDC72CBEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AAC4CF33h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0AC2AADF4h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0DF45E7D3h
xor     eax, 211D9864h
xor     eax, 0AB219EBFh
add     eax, 2AA9367Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 618D6FE4h
sub     eax, 535DFFCAh
add     eax, 0DC3D0B81h
sub     eax, 2D8B8844h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 149E9EABh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0CE1FD659h
xor     eax, 5C790BE1h
add     eax, 2CD77465h
add     eax, 84CBD50Dh
add     eax, 0FAEF232Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E77FE754h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 5D97FECCh
sub     eax, 6CE74BB4h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 3CA4EBF5h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0A3E05B22h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D47D204Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F910B7E4h
xor     eax, 0B4033176h
xor     eax, 5F6EF235h
xor     eax, 0F2040522h
sub     eax, 0B118FF35h
not     eax
add     eax, 4B33EC76h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1A0D6F02h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 852B9EC3h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 50D4C225h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 692D71CBh
sub     eax, 26DFAFCAh
sub     eax, 0EA102EC2h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 89047661h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DFA099C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EE0943D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9151F7E2h
sub     eax, 0C9F8183Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 943BE340h
not     eax
xor     eax, 51D09A0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0A615B718h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 5BECB922h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 8AB17908h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 57F35231h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0C881F037h
add     eax, 75ABEA65h
add     eax, 92506795h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0BBF2FAEFh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E65F56D7h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B349C7E2h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0F4D45395h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 9A271D5Bh
add     eax, 9904FBD2h
xor     eax, 890CF429h
sub     eax, 19B05190h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0E9C756A5h
sub     eax, 28C77F23h
sub     eax, 0DF687E26h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 153FAB21h
xor     eax, 669F4616h
add     eax, 0F9F32AC3h
sub     eax, 27AC6D59h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1051C7E6h
xor     eax, 0FC17E17Bh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 9FC8E1A1h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 6B6070E3h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0E85F627Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ABB47E54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 3861B927h
add     eax, 21B06C6Dh
add     eax, 0BB115E51h
xor     eax, 0B465F815h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 1C581539h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 8DD20C23h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 2E4A0E5Fh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5EFABC14h
xor     eax, 29111385h
add     eax, 0B43873B3h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4FDDDC6Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 30E80A04h
add     eax, 1DE364DFh
sub     eax, 360295E3h
xor     eax, 0E51A2F77h
add     eax, 0BD7D9B0Ch
sub     eax, 15888DD6h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 46C11079h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 30405E0Ch
xor     eax, 520B4346h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F4F723F1h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 1159D283h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 534060F8h
xor     eax, 1AFAE2C8h
sub     eax, 88467D94h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0F7504532h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6295467Fh
sub     eax, 32C59F52h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 32A74493h
xor     eax, 9C542882h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 146AE6D5h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0AA6219D7h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 89BDE460h
xor     eax, 322C4CCEh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0E266EB14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E81BE67Ah
xor     eax, 8C050772h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2724AF11h
sub     eax, 0A7C67B73h
xor     eax, 4DF79A92h
add     eax, 61FC8EE0h
add     eax, 1D8A72EFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B5F811A3h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 791548A3h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 189B252Ch
add     eax, 4F4033E6h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0BEB25731h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 6BFA143Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E1FA09BCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 242FB622h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0DE20C9B1h
add     eax, 20172925h
xor     eax, 5C88301Fh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0AC1A0D80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F86477A1h
add     eax, 2991D8D3h
xor     eax, 382D15B5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3AF5DB8Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DEDE16F7h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2055D51Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 81A260F7h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 7E1CA409h
xor     eax, 7DADF9B0h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0CC7FF101h
xor     eax, 0B965E8E6h
xor     eax, 169F6DFCh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C369EA8Ah
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 9089C2BAh
xor     eax, 3F62A84Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FF9AD4E5h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 8BA76FC5h
xor     eax, 0F294A315h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3B3EC63Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 7F03B7CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 99D58C8Dh
add     eax, 0CAAD4116h
sub     eax, 6B82BFFAh
sub     eax, 20AFB0EBh
add     eax, 6EEC62CBh
add     eax, 14B61F46h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 4A901AB8h
xor     eax, 61B6C7CBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B1340FFFh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 55A7DC5Ah
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0F7C6AC7Ah
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 2B8AD543h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 448450FDh
sub     eax, 3EF3E727h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 4604777Ah
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 292D6436h
add     eax, 80F8693Bh
xor     eax, 0B1FE59EDh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0AA00980Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 43E907EBh
xor     eax, 0C5C91783h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 8A4D23D9h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 52FCC179h
sub     eax, 107CA046h
add     eax, 99304435h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2811A477h
add     eax, 0F91C7F02h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 19F7617Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 30ABE2DFh
sub     eax, 693E54B4h
add     eax, 0C966A30Dh
xor     eax, 0FC4A830Ch
add     eax, 921D17BCh
sub     eax, 5A6538CBh
xor     eax, 5C7C527Bh
xor     eax, 0A57FCA27h
xor     eax, 41958B51h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C886E350h
xor     eax, 0B764C48Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5210A88Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8113DF7Ah
sub     eax, 101E49A8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E7FAEE2Ah
add     eax, 61F79446h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 3BD58517h
xor     eax, 16F04FC2h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 1EC67EAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3EB1C121h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 2782AF1Fh
add     eax, 6D052787h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 11DBB064h
sub     eax, 0B2CD3966h
sub     eax, 179EDFE7h
sub     eax, 9CA67DD3h
add     eax, 2C1BF62Ah
add     eax, 0EFB03390h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 24007733h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 6AE568D5h
xor     eax, 48F05E29h
add     eax, 0EBD863D3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E256CE04h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3D83790Fh
add     eax, 0BE5FC355h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 752E9031h
add     eax, 3D43BF66h
sub     eax, 0C93DEC4Ah
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 92A616C9h
xor     eax, 0D051DD96h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 1128B937h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5EAE85B4h
xor     eax, 36B69AADh
xor     eax, 2220C6A2h
xor     eax, 0C9E8FE5Fh
add     eax, 0DE4ACAB0h
sub     eax, 70285881h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 570A40DEh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 50EB0C54h
sub     eax, 0AB05313Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EA413435h
add     eax, 0ADED31F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0D5761B3Dh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 71876983h
xor     eax, 5FE456B5h
sub     eax, 6E78190Ah
xor     eax, 0F4C5389Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F8F90D49h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0D99DA79Fh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 60031219h
xor     eax, 9D361B02h
sub     eax, 0A527B78Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5B824F62h
add     eax, 132018FFh
add     eax, 5EBDEDD8h
add     eax, 242F2189h
sub     eax, 0FE7A02C7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6AA185CFh
add     eax, 9EB3B36Fh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 666F1164h
xor     eax, 52145168h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 804709BFh
sub     eax, 0CEDAA913h
add     eax, 65EA2699h
add     eax, 23ABCDC7h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9D617A19h
sub     eax, 0EC71BBB7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E5C53613h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F12A5666h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 1C7187C1h
add     eax, 0EC40987Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8CC7F0ABh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0E95CCB81h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B3D664DDh
sub     eax, 0ECDD3A58h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 2EB94F89h
add     eax, 94181C20h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 16BA3DDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C53BBFF9h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 4681A63Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B6FC0009h
sub     eax, 0A65434BBh
add     eax, 5AB4E21Ah
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 744CD150h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0C2C8BBACh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0B81775C7h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 9A0D0615h
add     eax, 9A3B2712h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 43C8CED8h
add     eax, 5BC84BACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 66AB40C7h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0B6E973C9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 68855A7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8039BC39h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A2C61FC8h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 54C12DD7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BDBA6E2Ah
add     eax, 0AA8BD8A8h
sub     eax, 189C1B19h
sub     eax, 2C49557Ah
sub     eax, 0F50F76CCh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 9EEA49E3h
xor     eax, 4384367Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 54F603FEh
sub     eax, 6C9BE205h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 17869DECh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0BAD1CE51h
xor     eax, 41ED7F8Fh
sub     eax, 0F8BD8A0Ch
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 6C82236Ah
add     eax, 0AE17B049h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C6BE4870h
add     eax, 3EF719F0h
not     eax
add     eax, 155119DFh
sub     eax, 0F3A235BFh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0B1C36772h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5866F025h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0BE84D117h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 3B5A52FBh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 26732E1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FEFAC58Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E4EAA31Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C6C7B568h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 6B461B4Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DF4F873Ch
xor     eax, 668E391Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 82108D46h
xor     eax, 815ACEF8h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0D33E2F02h
add     eax, 5BC123B9h
sub     eax, 37CA4430h
add     eax, 43B9E738h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 9B7DD23Fh
sub     eax, 0AB8A1B94h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 62153F4Ch
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0BD18AEF4h
xor     eax, 0F4872316h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5D225C3Dh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 603D07CFh
sub     eax, 12BF36A0h
not     eax
add     eax, 464D184Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0D080C67Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6C86C6CBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 645EAA02h
sub     eax, 0B33F0107h
xor     eax, 62B08738h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 90A380CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 17B11FC2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 672EEF03h
xor     eax, 0E2F7E613h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 93117997h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0AE1F6687h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FC4EFBF7h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0D22A5644h
sub     eax, 83EB1EA7h
add     eax, 485F458Ah
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9C217356h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 624A94CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0A7CA7C0Eh
add     eax, 32F4D144h
xor     eax, 0B69CEF4Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4E52A544h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 8AE44D20h
add     eax, 8A5ECAD1h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0CC4F43D1h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 115F48F2h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 76AFA4A0h
sub     eax, 99CC0799h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E2C2634Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0BC030685h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0B0463663h
xor     eax, 0E6AF2292h
xor     eax, 1EFF387Eh
sub     eax, 341B39EBh
sub     eax, 0A8F6D65Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ED2A31C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B96A3DB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3BAD3B0Bh
sub     eax, 93541E20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5E36A5C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 976D0571h
sub     eax, 87CE22A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16ADDCB0h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0D64A8383h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 62E02E24h
xor     eax, 48178FDFh
xor     eax, 72C59821h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B76EF37Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C21EA1AEh
add     eax, 7E7BDC49h
xor     eax, 0E8D2203Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0F8AEE0D1h
xor     eax, 10D6451Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 58556409h
xor     eax, 5655E717h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D5E106B9h
xor     eax, 2F7C1604h
xor     eax, 54774DA8h
add     eax, 0F5033225h
sub     eax, 5D76115Eh
add     eax, 258F41A2h
add     eax, 0B3DFA3ECh
xor     eax, 48C53F20h
xor     eax, 0E96FF2A5h
xor     eax, 60C1CF39h
not     eax
add     eax, 6EFB886Eh
sub     eax, 7117C6C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DB59EBE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 16404C9Eh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 287D73CFh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0EDF43CE8h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 77D697C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7520AD79h
xor     eax, 0BE4AED25h
add     eax, 5C30F782h
sub     eax, 4A5DED63h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 28A0D76Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 518DD343h
sub     eax, 6C35E1E2h
add     eax, 3CAD45B5h
xor     eax, 140D8DFBh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 4EBB5455h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B946E538h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 103B63C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 21095292h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C6E8394Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 66E9AED0h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0E7B15C88h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EEEF3692h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0B7F6064Fh
sub     eax, 18AD7EF5h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 144E03BDh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 6358317Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 5BE6538Ch
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 257D19DFh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 13FF45F4h
add     eax, 58E6E8ACh
add     eax, 0AF1A3DFBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A5CB7335h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F325F8F0h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0A3CBBF2Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9934E00Eh
xor     eax, 0B7273F4Eh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 62410872h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 9F972F62h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AD33445Ch
sub     eax, 3FD8DE2Fh
add     eax, 0AE1618CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 4F5B09B8h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E72F9DDBh
xor     eax, 3DAF1DDBh
add     eax, 489A84C8h
add     eax, 2C897547h
add     eax, 8342531Fh
sub     eax, 404F2802h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 31CD9070h
sub     eax, 2BCD0DAFh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 118CB993h
sub     eax, 46028043h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0F7C2927Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 5F531D6Fh
add     eax, 70658884h
xor     eax, 65674A43h
add     eax, 90C7DDF5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 5658C37Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0F16E7B73h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DFD9967Dh
sub     eax, 72C53C41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B89A2B48h
not     eax
add     eax, 664FFDFDh
xor     eax, 0DD441C1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 57743794h
add     eax, 3822B7E8h
sub     eax, 0B2454CC9h
add     eax, 3274DBC8h
not     eax
add     eax, 2E3769FFh
not     eax
add     eax, 229E62AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0F460D4EAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 773E27ACh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 238F7FD8h
add     eax, 7206AF0Eh
add     eax, 0C4C70EACh
xor     eax, 0E1E68460h
add     eax, 493CF84Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 7C7D5AF1h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0E55FDFEFh
sub     eax, 0E9083752h
sub     eax, 65488961h
xor     eax, 0A6C67EA6h
sub     eax, 4E333AA4h
add     eax, 0EE11CCDFh
add     eax, 0B47042CFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AB9A8FBBh
xor     eax, 7B3A71F6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0D199F32Ah
sub     eax, 1E7CA5F3h
sub     eax, 0E1450674h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7A7155E0h
add     eax, 0CADF2CD4h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BC06C10Eh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B2A83A6Eh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 71457D06h
add     eax, 6AD3B1CAh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0D2682833h
sub     eax, 1DCE9646h
not     eax
add     eax, 9A5C3C7Eh
add     eax, 5A3F7169h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0CDA0E6A2h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 6E38B6DBh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 8A1909D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 5D7F0E3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0B7ADE81Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 91394F52h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D7365E98h
xor     eax, 0BF890F82h
add     eax, 75F2C2A1h
xor     eax, 302F0415h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 6952B69Eh
add     eax, 0EBDC2FE7h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 21CF7363h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 4EDD5EF1h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 9B1D7596h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0F6A0711Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 6A21365Ah
xor     eax, 673BDBA7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5F58F4CEh
xor     eax, 0E348B7C4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 3B548014h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CD3244E2h
xor     eax, 88289957h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A4D687F5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E5ECB889h
xor     eax, 0F9350B34h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 19B717D4h
sub     eax, 574501C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E99930D2h
xor     eax, 8A71AF3Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 85308374h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0F5FE46FEh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 5EAEF530h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E6A4B0C1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 16B6C905h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0C6B4C1ADh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 4B8E6F5Fh
sub     eax, 443D73C0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0B7C958F9h
sub     eax, 6CB34483h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 21B188E3h
add     eax, 2B7B5EA4h
xor     eax, 25EC7D94h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FCF93824h
sub     eax, 0B31D7532h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 10E2D9F1h
sub     eax, 0D7EF7630h
xor     eax, 4A671285h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 77EB2A12h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0BD174EC9h
sub     eax, 0F0658475h
sub     eax, 0DAD4D399h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 10A9069Dh
xor     eax, 66377ED2h
xor     eax, 47CD355Bh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 8F0A2FC9h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 67DA601Dh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0B2EEDB30h
xor     eax, 6ED47013h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 63AF76A9h
xor     eax, 0B9AB8045h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 2B2E227Bh
add     eax, 9035059Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0D46DB11Ah
add     eax, 4B333394h
sub     eax, 9FB010FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 3F163744h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C955977Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 56184B4Fh
sub     eax, 2152F4FCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 24878D9Ah
sub     eax, 2E8A6B53h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 3F5D64E3h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B29B4CD3h
add     eax, 3A796B45h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 45F921C8h
sub     eax, 29E7C698h
add     eax, 83C0357Bh
xor     eax, 976F01F6h
xor     eax, 0E9AC1FAAh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B6733EDCh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1EF8B18Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DBC97CF7h
xor     eax, 768947C1h
add     eax, 7BE8EDD4h
sub     eax, 95D32DD8h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0D1CCBAA8h
add     eax, 6F20924Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0EE98B2AEh
xor     eax, 0BE225808h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 50B8CFA0h
add     eax, 0A300DB9Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 93D314BAh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F3F1032Eh
xor     eax, 86A18829h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1FC202DCh
xor     eax, 0BC52F908h
add     eax, 29316C88h
sub     eax, 52B57C50h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 56A38BDBh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A4A41837h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 6BAE2DC5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D7C16F9Dh
add     eax, 1AD7709Fh
xor     eax, 0CCE8774Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F87AF020h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C2CF3DA8h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E300B67Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 3167FC54h
add     eax, 18D3E775h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4CF9F4D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 330A3E45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D3BED545h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5CAF62BFh
add     eax, 0C913FD54h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FC4FCF37h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 2831E678h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8A3A4429h
sub     eax, 949E7DABh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 444C541Eh
sub     eax, 0CA4B3433h
add     eax, 0F4EB3D94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9F4F2A29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 953BC239h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 9943F835h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 227385D3h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0B9CA2ECDh
xor     eax, 0A039B7EDh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B5B37801h
add     eax, 3D09E3A0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 81638DF9h
sub     eax, 632E167Ah
xor     eax, 0F1CC87F9h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 122A0882h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7A69961Dh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 3913261Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 973F4182h
add     eax, 0FA97AB9Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 74B2572Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 7A736677h
add     eax, 98544FF6h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0D2F24FF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0F9CADCCDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8B92A0D6h
add     eax, 5C50C0A3h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6C370205h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0B28F7EDDh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0F7DADE04h
xor     eax, 1B9FFD7Ch
xor     eax, 1DB69C1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 66E0EC07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 13B309F6h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0B8C19260h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 62D67D7Dh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0E4F3BF34h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 96DEFC7Bh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 573B46D0h
xor     eax, 229BA446h
xor     eax, 0C814E80Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 1C3AB799h
xor     eax, 0B8A2F3C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 4221231Bh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 6B831A6Ch
xor     eax, 61937648h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F739E1FFh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0D65E48DBh
sub     eax, 91ECE476h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 543AECA4h
xor     eax, 0CEAEF1C4h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 8163E3C6h
not     eax
add     eax, 40BFCE11h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 2886E9B2h
add     eax, 4C98E25Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 6748AD1Ch
sub     eax, 52DE0EEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0D2AA5235h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F0D62FC0h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 21EF0E18h
add     eax, 0FA900795h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 5BA15E56h
xor     eax, 1FAEBAE5h
xor     eax, 8D839C64h
sub     eax, 9262C733h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0C7C0845Fh
sub     eax, 0D9D215A4h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B8E616C4h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D6E9D2C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 799795E6h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 9385C1E2h
add     eax, 8E531EE1h
xor     eax, 11EF50D5h
add     eax, 0BA2AD499h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 765E6A08h
sub     eax, 1626132Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 20AEB06Bh
xor     eax, 0BCF80E14h
xor     eax, 916A324Fh
sub     eax, 0D2C0EE35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 898696AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 44553A9Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 9392445Dh
sub     eax, 30315E3Ah
add     eax, 0C2CDE4FAh
add     eax, 79E8E6E9h
sub     eax, 0D0EAC6DBh
xor     eax, 0A413EAB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B3B95DFDh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0F46AE804h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 37B25071h
sub     eax, 0E1EEB330h
xor     eax, 1EFC1265h
sub     eax, 534B48AEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C7C535B9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F9CE7E9Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 853CBFFDh
sub     eax, 90C93A1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8F3DDA29h
sub     eax, 5DFA013Ch
xor     eax, 988B1000h
add     eax, 1DD3CE31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EF7FBA3Dh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D9C134C1h
sub     eax, 1DA8123Bh
sub     eax, 4D3A1A9Bh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0A2D70B9Eh
xor     eax, 22ECB815h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 6FD826DEh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B7279644h
add     eax, 86775A54h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 49570246h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7667DCE6h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 7C2B25C4h
sub     eax, 0A0718B9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 8F9A1C66h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 82EFDEEEh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 8119189Ah
sub     eax, 184F0BEBh
sub     eax, 0CD290558h
add     eax, 13B20575h
add     eax, 9DE27CA7h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 3EFCCD3Ah
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 3F0974ABh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 937EC1AFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 1D1443ADh
add     eax, 8645E015h
add     eax, 0B820FA8Bh
add     eax, 0A89A2875h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0F8EC7AABh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0D35B50E0h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 3A484EACh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E66751DEh
xor     eax, 8511A35Ah
sub     eax, 999D765Fh
sub     eax, 0F2410D71h
sub     eax, 0BF5E015Ah
add     eax, 0C8DC7DB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 73512D4Bh
xor     eax, 6947746Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D46D0CAh
add     eax, 0CBFF022Dh
add     eax, 389F5B32h
add     eax, 0B44B0C07h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 177C9751h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 2A155574h
not     eax
xor     eax, 79EF8B84h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 3C949611h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 901B8A3Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 6EDC0F86h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0ECC183DCh
sub     eax, 7C3965B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0A7A00704h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0B72E7BDAh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 68C4781Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4811CA3Fh
sub     eax, 0D03164DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0F56542C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0CF326D43h
sub     eax, 223527F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 7A7464D6h
add     eax, 0D87F302Dh
sub     eax, 126A251Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 68CDDA20h
sub     eax, 8B51E502h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0B0AC8F3Eh
sub     eax, 0F056A6CBh
not     eax
add     eax, 25D61EC8h
add     eax, 27010B17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6C344795h
add     eax, 215A4F90h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 3DA160D2h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 28FF5576h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 552CAED7h
sub     eax, 0E902BCA2h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 3E45F263h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 5BA9F8EEh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0CE786430h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 487C0D8Ah
xor     eax, 86C546CEh
xor     eax, 0BF6712E6h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 18340343h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EFF67E65h
add     eax, 7D493FB6h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 94AEF3A2h
add     eax, 0B3EAACF9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CAE4E625h
add     eax, 299265CCh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0F1F459FBh
add     eax, 64512768h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D37A5509h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 4941F499h
not     eax
add     eax, 480688A7h
xor     eax, 121D4FE5h
xor     eax, 0B3A719C7h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 524FC2DEh
xor     eax, 0AD912230h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E771C9C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F9683C51h
xor     eax, 2C7826CAh
sub     eax, 3E20CFA1h
sub     eax, 0D45DE793h
sub     eax, 121E1426h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0FDC312AFh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0E4495B96h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0F467582Ch
xor     eax, 9E3B33D0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0D0E90751h
sub     eax, 0D75F5F08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B6535DF3h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E037FFC2h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0FE544460h
add     eax, 75F4EF62h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8D61B0E0h
sub     eax, 0E8F5698Bh
add     eax, 85A0C186h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FAA46637h
add     eax, 608E6220h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 729419DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 819915D4h
xor     eax, 4E50C972h
xor     eax, 0B16FF037h
not     eax
add     eax, 497AF247h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 4D8DAC50h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BAD64BD8h
add     eax, 2BE8F227h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 104FF8D7h
sub     eax, 50411F3Ch
xor     eax, 0B0875B48h
xor     eax, 60F070CBh
add     eax, 6CF17463h
add     eax, 0EF5D1EF7h
add     eax, 0AFA92830h
add     eax, 0DD3B478Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0A0E189AFh
add     eax, 0AEFCC77Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 15005402h
add     eax, 4E96B924h
sub     eax, 519B3001h
sub     eax, 0D538CBF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 3689B976h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 10F4C1A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 706C95ADh
sub     eax, 21488B42h
add     eax, 5EFFC234h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0A76989FEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F09A4941h
xor     eax, 0C9B98726h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 1EA8296Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B524ADDAh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0F561A881h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 9A2D4933h
add     eax, 1664AD3Ah
sub     eax, 2F8BDADBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0BADA1792h
xor     eax, 11257263h
add     eax, 0E341F8DFh
add     eax, 0F0962395h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 9DF88FF8h
xor     eax, 0DA95D073h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 99031A2Eh
add     eax, 81057D09h
sub     eax, 8C639C55h
xor     eax, 0F7844A8Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D309E928h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0DEDF90ACh
add     eax, 2C0C7046h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0C8940D89h
xor     eax, 0F428FEA9h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0AAE8CEA4h
add     eax, 2F3EA680h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 65C065ABh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 5167A40Ch
sub     eax, 0ACE4E4B0h
sub     eax, 6B9B0771h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 6A13CC25h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 659A7E99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EE92B803h
add     eax, 0AE0B7D1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 658AB904h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0ABBCDEBAh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 997225BCh
xor     eax, 44A8B522h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 39B8868Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 61EBA8ABh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0EAE99576h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 98799ADDh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 79F5B909h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 2026B318h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E84C1128h
add     eax, 0A5A1041Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 7E899283h
add     eax, 9DED610Ah
xor     eax, 78031A6Dh
sub     eax, 0C6C0E7FDh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 6F883149h
add     eax, 6AA24A50h
not     eax
add     eax, 87047009h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 98FAF473h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0E0FD967Eh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0DBBD1F79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2B98062Bh
xor     eax, 0C9E22387h
xor     eax, 0A0734C92h
xor     eax, 913AEE58h
xor     eax, 15449AF0h
sub     eax, 0AB059E3Ch
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0ED9BC700h
add     eax, 4C96E754h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 3A0A3538h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 4FE289E4h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 6BB90DA7h
add     eax, 0B4EB6DA1h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 88BD520Dh
xor     eax, 6DE98428h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 347D8674h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 626FCFD4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8E82C41Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 80CF43DDh
sub     eax, 9B61C756h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 9A0D8F8Ah
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 81A76D58h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C8E90A84h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4440443Fh
sub     eax, 281A5337h
add     eax, 0DCE39F38h
not     eax
add     eax, 2B02A3F7h
sub     eax, 26311AA7h
sub     eax, 0D7C31BD6h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0FEDF497Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 2577DACDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4F9BA78Ah
xor     eax, 5346EA6Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0F2D21B5Fh
sub     eax, 0DA96F99Eh
xor     eax, 79F05484h
sub     eax, 677E4E33h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1322D77Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E0A1230Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BF0DB4F9h
xor     eax, 6499A39Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5BCAAFA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 59BCE4F7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EF59C8A8h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0AB0A08C9h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DEA24EA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 20C62E75h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0B94BF02Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C90445FAh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 2F497789h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6CDE4B41h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 27E5CAAEh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 1355E3D9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 303DDDB1h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E3126780h
xor     eax, 8B980701h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7D3B065Dh
xor     eax, 5064D415h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 98B254EFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1F58CDC7h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 5187630Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 23BF8804h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 6EEFE532h
add     eax, 3FAE6891h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 2B9650BFh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 11C85D51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F11D33F2h
sub     eax, 0A3C0BBF5h
xor     eax, 150C7864h
xor     eax, 17C2E37Ah
xor     eax, 0F65A7B80h
add     eax, 572B5C85h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BF1DEF2Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A454EC45h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0D3F2070Eh
add     eax, 5E692286h
sub     eax, 0BE84D5B1h
add     eax, 6D00593Ah
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 9A5B9103h
sub     eax, 20CAF3C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4E72D00Ah
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C4F142B7h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0E6EE74D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 80D0E4E5h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0AB51AE87h
sub     eax, 7AC9DD78h
add     eax, 8B4F2CDEh
not     eax
add     eax, 0EB531934h
not     eax
add     eax, 67C23DCFh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2D4C91AEh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 92C0D2DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A6ADD93Eh
xor     eax, 0E21704A8h
sub     eax, 166B528Dh
sub     eax, 8DCEC840h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DB08DCF5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F30874BDh
add     eax, 90249DA0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 731B9472h
xor     eax, 0AEF42A3Eh
add     eax, 8354938Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 86BD3D1Fh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0D03DFDBFh
sub     eax, 0E571B62Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 87FEBCD6h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 781DC605h
not     eax
xor     eax, 72EEFBCEh
xor     eax, 0AD2E458Ah
sub     eax, 0C50D1BB8h
xor     eax, 0C7A8ECEDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9D862741h
xor     eax, 2D4EDE02h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 370E4885h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 565A1CA5h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 220057F4h
sub     eax, 0C150C01Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DD764699h
xor     eax, 4C7D2E76h
add     eax, 0B61D5E5Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 9D5DC6C3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7FC8A42Fh
xor     eax, 0F6CD37FDh
sub     eax, 0ADF46EDFh
add     eax, 489268DDh
sub     eax, 64952C4Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 1EF20E46h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0AA112547h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EF99BC51h
sub     eax, 0F82EE634h
add     eax, 0D42F39E2h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 3CB2AC3Eh
add     eax, 68E4F7FCh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 54188280h
xor     eax, 395969B0h
add     eax, 389077D9h
sub     eax, 25500F19h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0B2444C78h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3306E7E2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7816870h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0B91D7E06h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0DDA6287Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 3317CD31h
add     eax, 0E27F72FBh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 25E1A6B2h
sub     eax, 4A603728h
sub     eax, 90A79964h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0A38392FCh
sub     eax, 8D54CE17h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 5966E4E9h
sub     eax, 3330C3AAh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0B2C11596h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0AB5FE2FCh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 5612066Bh
xor     eax, 0E75AF6B0h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0D79B3CF4h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0D388F952h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BAB5AD93h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D059C69Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DE6FB16Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E41946D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0E003D5A9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 729CC7A0h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 5D000F40h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 8DBECAB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AEAC4FAEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9E83970Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0D82BBB83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C130E2F0h
xor     eax, 0EBEAFDFCh
xor     eax, 0FF1F4ED2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4B89C01Ah
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 2FC59978h
sub     eax, 0B89C72A3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 99B00ED1h
sub     eax, 0B22D6D57h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0BA9FB109h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E625C187h
add     eax, 0F0AC4BD3h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0A2B61199h
sub     eax, 0BA536003h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 41BA95A0h
add     eax, 4C382FF5h
add     eax, 1F0D09F2h
sub     eax, 0BD3A1CD8h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 44A36E78h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5B22B587h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B28C82A8h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 8DE78799h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 66848F94h
xor     eax, 215C9F26h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 64F438B1h
sub     eax, 0F94BCDCEh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0CB346607h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0A8C42C8Bh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 70893DD5h
add     eax, 0D14C8091h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0A7D6D608h
sub     eax, 79FF3FC9h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0C210A3D4h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 6F5F5748h
sub     eax, 1502C704h
sub     eax, 4B757748h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 79DA40D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 707F7F0Ch
xor     eax, 0E80554A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0AFCFD17Dh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BE52FAD6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D5B249ADh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 82010A2Ch
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 18F916BAh
sub     eax, 6FB647C9h
add     eax, 48485A22h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0CA450988h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0FF9E9400h
xor     eax, 0B0E7EAE1h
add     eax, 0D315F701h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0A8198734h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0C69D7515h
add     eax, 4588B270h
not     eax
add     eax, 864DD2ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 14C0FBA6h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0E21385FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 42E44CBDh
sub     eax, 57D8E536h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 21B125EEh
sub     eax, 0E078CDDEh
add     eax, 613DAD02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A6B152F2h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0EE3DF120h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 22C6535Ch
add     eax, 351417D8h
xor     eax, 2C0CAC58h
xor     eax, 0AF53DCD5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2D43981Ah
add     eax, 45E4E653h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0D20882D2h
add     eax, 9565F84Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4FD9F668h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0B6EB0A18h
xor     eax, 4C8A6937h
add     eax, 0C7E71049h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6D818F93h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 63C679E5h
sub     eax, 0DF100019h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F2530126h
sub     eax, 32764ADDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 80AFD4F3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8A56F469h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 8A7E5BB6h
xor     eax, 18197B25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7419F7A7h
not     eax
add     eax, 655C1052h
sub     eax, 5BC955B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7C76E3FCh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 35A2A733h
sub     eax, 0A3C7FB53h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6021A2BEh
xor     eax, 0B2684153h
not     eax
add     eax, 6C214D6Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0FFDE6C58h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DCC99C76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C01D43D7h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 95E4C674h
xor     eax, 692A2777h
add     eax, 9AD2B3C9h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1547125Bh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FFAF3D60h
sub     eax, 6C008EA7h
add     eax, 2482FEEAh
sub     eax, 1658F034h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0A538E03Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D3A482E6h
not     eax
add     eax, 5FED8691h
xor     eax, 8A603E36h
sub     eax, 6E27E333h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 16B69E89h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D388126Fh
add     eax, 77AF327Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 5DF32BF3h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0BB6928BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E1B60CCEh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E84157D0h
sub     eax, 0D1214BF2h
not     eax
add     eax, 5A3AA0ACh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C90AA085h
xor     eax, 4A7298FAh
sub     eax, 8F3ABB0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 7A4C9162h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 979701F8h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 5A35283Ah
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 483F537Dh
add     eax, 6F39220Ch
sub     eax, 1AE4FAB6h
add     eax, 0C1D870D0h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0B2042B01h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CF2760F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 605A01DFh
add     eax, 2AEDF788h
add     eax, 9A4005B6h
sub     eax, 0BAE7DE6Bh
xor     eax, 0B6D0B7E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0B0E91346h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8388FCF4h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1BD21BD2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EC828CA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D56F60D5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8DA24BABh
add     eax, 0C3454D10h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2BA34FDDh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0FBFC8726h
xor     eax, 5F4A2BF7h
sub     eax, 0D8FCE9EAh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DEA6079Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 987D6BFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 501AF57Fh
sub     eax, 5652B41Ch
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 4F39735Bh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A9E78837h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 80F9E952h
xor     eax, 0C32B168Eh
add     eax, 0A7BBDAA0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 25C17060h
add     eax, 81F57B08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 92281F4Ch
add     eax, 0E111DADCh
xor     eax, 0F41186E1h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C87E8E1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 268A5B17h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 82147338h
add     eax, 808141EAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0A40F67CAh
sub     eax, 0BB4726DAh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 89721BFAh
add     eax, 8D094094h
add     eax, 70708B42h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C3695C79h
not     eax
sub     eax, 941B0C65h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 5C766E1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 9C857606h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 94D2B132h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0D2A3EF0Ch
add     eax, 3070F97Eh
xor     eax, 0C9938440h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 59A4ACF8h
add     eax, 0EF7FEE97h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 2A1A83AFh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 85C8EDD5h
sub     eax, 0F1A69F73h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0FD2C1B49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 65C4F560h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 38E1A023h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E3293C4Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E0C61871h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 5F956B40h
not     eax
xor     eax, 19BD4A27h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A7DC015Dh
sub     eax, 90721EB5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E0D37830h
sub     eax, 728AC5E1h
xor     eax, 0B0051892h
sub     eax, 8E4E012Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 5B0D883Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 872D3AD5h
xor     eax, 0F5B05421h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 84C5626Bh
xor     eax, 745B1CDCh
add     eax, 4192303Fh
add     eax, 97FA1888h
sub     eax, 0C5F95D8Ah
xor     eax, 0E7A50D22h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0DC5FE01Fh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D0AD9808h
sub     eax, 2FAA768Ah
sub     eax, 0C295B432h
sub     eax, 373103EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 66793BBFh
xor     eax, 712D1ACFh
sub     eax, 9DC5D5DAh
add     eax, 0B8648E0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 5B3D2FB8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B53B954Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DC822C73h
add     eax, 0F14626C1h
sub     eax, 8D11878Bh
xor     eax, 812ECC78h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 4439183Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 66E58178h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3F10BCB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B14BA197h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 779445C4h
add     eax, 51AC3153h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DAB14BE6h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0D714D1CFh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C2AB83E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1B337FD2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B631632Dh
xor     eax, 0B228D140h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 1B030600h
xor     eax, 9B3C1C85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7B9D56D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CDDA276Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0B4C2CFA1h
sub     eax, 7D578881h
sub     eax, 3065F94Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 196FA308h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0FF8F54DBh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 74C7FFBCh
sub     eax, 1CC61492h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 1C8F5D10h
xor     eax, 46223E96h
sub     eax, 5E16E3D2h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 26551240h
add     eax, 50FD6778h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FFBD7333h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 382F73A5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 84DA764Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 34A51AABh
sub     eax, 25D15304h
xor     eax, 8CE5CB25h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0D22322E4h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 44079304h
add     eax, 367E204Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 846A9E89h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5FF231AAh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 91832FBAh
xor     eax, 0B9B65A8Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 301838C2h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FB98C0D1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0C2AC7927h
xor     eax, 71494F46h
xor     eax, 0F50B5886h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E0461935h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 32CEB341h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 4E7169C2h
add     eax, 0FD72A2F5h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DE247E39h
add     eax, 1E3DCA9Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 16ECA983h
sub     eax, 2BADBAAFh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 654ED453h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E1373333h
xor     eax, 0B5F2FD6Eh
sub     eax, 0F69D6B6Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F535313Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 451774FEh
sub     eax, 0DF553E12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 762DE86Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 263F9331h
sub     eax, 0E714B8EFh
sub     eax, 8E31AB68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 4319DBDBh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 5597A264h
sub     eax, 0A087B093h
xor     eax, 67F4DB21h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AC220FA2h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0D092C0AFh
sub     eax, 225F9D4Bh
add     eax, 86E3AC17h
sub     eax, 0ADDD2CACh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0B6BE2ACFh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 71CA745Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8D93B65Eh
xor     eax, 9302131Ah
sub     eax, 7141485Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D6C4B7AFh
sub     eax, 2BD60FC0h
xor     eax, 33935152h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4F80AC57h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 8BAADF93h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7A7AA15Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 95F3611Bh
sub     eax, 925D6C74h
sub     eax, 8E2432A0h
sub     eax, 91805F1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DBDAFB7Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D0EC7C51h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B8DFBA91h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E8B7828Fh
sub     eax, 650F5B4Bh
sub     eax, 0E6913817h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0F5D9B332h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DE4019EAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2287C442h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 87C43EB3h
sub     eax, 3DE6C471h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 15E86EC7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9A695407h
add     eax, 0D695C397h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 7EFF0B96h
xor     eax, 1D125526h
sub     eax, 0C2EA6DBDh
xor     eax, 4FBBA561h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 458BBEC5h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 59F7289Ch
xor     eax, 0AFE9B475h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4551F50Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 22C8B992h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 6C26D397h
sub     eax, 1D62C340h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6A656E8Ah
sub     eax, 0D6F1B1D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0B7AD2876h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 94516B01h
sub     eax, 0B95B3EBBh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C622D37Bh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 91CBDFBAh
xor     eax, 6A19FC07h
sub     eax, 7700ADD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 241FBCC1h
add     eax, 1D5FE1B9h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 2BE21782h
add     eax, 0D9BCF473h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0F805DEAAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A5FEF870h
add     eax, 59C1CD5Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B13B9924h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 70861F49h
add     eax, 0D1DBB67Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C89425CEh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0C50A4E45h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 4764BD9Ah
sub     eax, 952652AFh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E039E690h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0CA2B15C6h
xor     eax, 3B3835F9h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 10404624h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 8FC566CAh
sub     eax, 3B776040h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 3659F69Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 2195F76Ah
add     eax, 8E6013B2h
add     eax, 8249C83Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 2455E917h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0F121C37Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 144EC718h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 2008358Ch
sub     eax, 0FAF78844h
add     eax, 453A385Ch
sub     eax, 14087469h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 2F928755h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DE901F8Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 35858D35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 7D4FDD01h
sub     eax, 0C181281Fh
add     eax, 0DCD2639Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 378BC845h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B3D89D81h
xor     eax, 0C2C4D586h
add     eax, 3F0B0B95h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 416A5401h
xor     eax, 65A777F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9CEAB639h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F6A1D19Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5D677E71h
add     eax, 0D8C61611h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 4F722F30h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AC9A57B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5AFAD4E2h
sub     eax, 2252D7D1h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 7406CF58h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0D4064FD6h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 22A5DC9Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DED48149h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 966ED639h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0CD429BDFh
add     eax, 52BD986Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0E755EA4Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EB895379h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0B67304C5h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 841DD76Dh
sub     eax, 0C5C3161Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 9BCA3817h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8A73DDC8h
add     eax, 0DA812B24h
xor     eax, 261F6417h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D2A88570h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 458DF7E3h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 193C0B39h
add     eax, 0A71704E4h
add     eax, 0A647E89Fh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0ADD48D21h
add     eax, 0DFFCEFD6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 9DC4411Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 7E1E29D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7776D374h
add     eax, 72814B4Dh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 29C74706h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3B3CE5ECh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 1A5853E5h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 15407682h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 119F6952h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 958DE1BDh
xor     eax, 51A93850h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 8239A04Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A4050114h
xor     eax, 0BA3217DFh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 24B23263h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1CF319CCh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 5DB527BAh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 362FC407h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2A5BEC90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5831D3E5h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 91BC586Ch
add     eax, 0D9A86739h
add     eax, 700C5866h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 8186CEFBh
xor     eax, 69FB7F89h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 1AB2638Bh
xor     eax, 0A006E1E7h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CC8F745Dh
xor     eax, 942B6B23h
sub     eax, 2E2BD8ECh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 3FCD5EA7h
sub     eax, 0AAC6160Ch
xor     eax, 74939E30h
sub     eax, 88B8E1D9h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 53A660BDh
add     eax, 1F27A128h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CD6E3B32h
sub     eax, 0A09E8955h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC5AB404h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FB5D8D95h
sub     eax, 0F2CEDDF1h
sub     eax, 0C6E5DA37h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 7E1EF467h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E51C94EFh
sub     eax, 0AA1ABBC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E3CC9A45h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 81F066D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2A5AF328h
add     eax, 7CBF4EFFh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0F8F7F476h
xor     eax, 0BF8CC08Fh
add     eax, 0E4C87096h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0FF92A431h
add     eax, 0D009FBADh
sub     eax, 0AF7C50EAh
sub     eax, 5447C400h
xor     eax, 0B8FF544Ch
xor     eax, 2637796Ch
sub     eax, 1FE622CBh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E79C449Ch
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0C8B2ADF8h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0EEA419B5h
not     eax
add     eax, 268664A6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E93CBF4Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E2BBF129h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 201636AAh
add     eax, 0C36AE00Ah
add     eax, 0F0C6C0F9h
add     eax, 580224F3h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0AAD58C51h
sub     eax, 79D2BCE6h
xor     eax, 0FCFF6550h
add     eax, 731CDF31h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6C9FAFD9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 8BBC3DB0h
add     eax, 0B9CB658Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 444F6263h
add     eax, 7236C718h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F75839A9h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0CAF4FFA3h
add     eax, 9EDA7057h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 27BB7A2Ah
add     eax, 0B300A204h
add     eax, 2D373CDAh
sub     eax, 6B349539h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0F79CD4DBh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 422D61DFh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 95A8C613h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0E2287DE2h
not     eax
add     eax, 35DDB363h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 7F8E5E0Ah
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2C332BD4h
sub     eax, 0B95BF291h
sub     eax, 8B1187F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1C2D5A21h
add     eax, 0AA562EADh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0DA65E9D4h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C32EEC33h
sub     eax, 0EC7ADFAAh
not     eax
add     eax, 86E7F7F6h
sub     eax, 39BEAF83h
sub     eax, 0A949F1A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0E7E92CF4h
add     eax, 62963523h
add     eax, 1390146Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0C7E2EB59h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 73DD3683h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 8434D7FEh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 33FC95FFh
sub     eax, 1D0F4807h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 488B206Ch
add     eax, 8D1C138Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EBB56388h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B68DB2BEh
add     eax, 0F6CEC951h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0E40B05BFh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0BCA63ADBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 31A75868h
xor     eax, 92C28C3Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 6BFD210Bh
add     eax, 57103ADFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EACD282Dh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 21EEB458h
add     eax, 5C38075Fh
sub     eax, 3E3E15D0h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 7EDEC110h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0B5DAEE0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8680CBC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 613A7D63h
add     eax, 0CB1873A5h
xor     eax, 3CD43E29h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 4A762B3Dh
xor     eax, 0C7785678h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0A2BD23C4h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0BF334FA6h
xor     eax, 92F8D9ADh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8F6D0677h
sub     eax, 42FC3BC9h
add     eax, 567B66E2h
xor     eax, 2817D017h
xor     eax, 43A07F56h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 4663CC31h
add     eax, 0D14EE351h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E63C8E52h
add     eax, 1B4DCD9Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 57631A4Fh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 9C361E1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 3C50721Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0E1C94F5Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0EA411E40h
not     eax
add     eax, 18C438EEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 43BAA7EEh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 9BAF8841h
xor     eax, 2B1BA9A0h
add     eax, 8FBBB1E4h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 6AC3BA33h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0FE3ADEFCh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0D95C14AEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 6FF6DC54h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FA54383Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 445A1DCCh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0A8C5B471h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 960E4931h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 522F4BC9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 38DBF4C5h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 471758F3h
add     eax, 0C5BEF919h
not     eax
sub     eax, 256A3B9Fh
sub     eax, 0B035CEDAh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EAE2F1DAh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 799AD61Eh
add     eax, 0FCF8B083h
sub     eax, 8D8DB8CDh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1AD53DF8h
sub     eax, 0DBC33CA6h
add     eax, 830267D9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B46E6DB5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 62F434AFh
sub     eax, 8063F90Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1831579Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AEF77B61h
xor     eax, 1BAA6EBFh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 15AFF9A2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0F6E31DB0h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 225D2814h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 6B72444Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8BE35104h
not     eax
xor     eax, 33DF4549h
xor     eax, 7416475Ch
xor     eax, 0D55BD969h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0F23FDACEh
sub     eax, 0BE67107Ah
sub     eax, 0EE25077Bh
add     eax, 10A98DEEh
add     eax, 27C9AE15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB3AC793h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0D9B6E859h
sub     eax, 0AA490B12h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0D2DAF0B8h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F291323Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0C0EA3323h
sub     eax, 0CA91A22Bh
add     eax, 5505FC10h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0ACC4AD1Dh
sub     eax, 1A107DE3h
xor     eax, 0EEE32A2Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0FCAA0CC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 35A50A39h
xor     eax, 8CCE1341h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 43BDFF58h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 8186911Ah
xor     eax, 0D557C6EFh
not     eax
add     eax, 42B44BFEh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 63498982h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 51953160h
xor     eax, 6DB1395Fh
xor     eax, 0AF5123FFh
xor     eax, 6230EF30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4D2B8E5Eh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 817A2822h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0F4137274h
xor     eax, 44090D2Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 23DB882Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 49E81F25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 91B19C04h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F420504Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 373B5475h
add     eax, 9971F534h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 5B97E09Fh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 79755ACCh
add     eax, 0C78AF189h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 88A8C757h
xor     eax, 7371FF6Ch
sub     eax, 0B462CD3Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0BE9984F1h
xor     eax, 3CC96F7Fh
xor     eax, 661BDD1Ah
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F5B463F5h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 26224F41h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B3C2D546h
xor     eax, 2DFB9DD9h
xor     eax, 0F0D4CF07h
sub     eax, 16844518h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 84ED7C34h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F987AF9Dh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 6CACF36Eh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 8DBD3E51h
not     eax
add     eax, 70FBA1E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 237B051Dh
add     eax, 0EB6EBDE1h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 4A944493h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 247C9883h
sub     eax, 0B10CB437h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 1D41120Fh
xor     eax, 0ED4611B8h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 24853021h
add     eax, 0B5AE9B1Fh
xor     eax, 2A02ED0Ah
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0FDDBE098h
add     eax, 0DFB2C99Bh
xor     eax, 1F9509A6h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C8DAF82Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 868CDF65h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 26F2D6D3h
add     eax, 17FAED74h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 37071514h
sub     eax, 0B48C8BCEh
sub     eax, 78B840CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A90794A8h
add     eax, 0D1CB9575h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A05C9C3Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C94D2616h
add     eax, 832A5637h
xor     eax, 79730793h
add     eax, 2E59E192h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0E91B8C14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9D8871DAh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 8C6B6673h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 28D6A06Ah
sub     eax, 0DBAEF453h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 1CF2A401h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A301E3C0h
xor     eax, 7B4F9CF3h
sub     eax, 0F85D7856h
sub     eax, 0A68623FDh
xor     eax, 0F752CBCBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0F253F9ACh
add     eax, 5087CE54h
add     eax, 93F55119h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 69E78F0Ch
sub     eax, 66AEB1D6h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 464EF6E8h
sub     eax, 0A2458C77h
sub     eax, 6ACF1F3Fh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 7EEA0311h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9BC65C6Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D791B035h
xor     eax, 678566AFh
not     eax
add     eax, 2DEFDC55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 8A88EE34h
add     eax, 2C926D5Bh
sub     eax, 8AE0586Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4A9CD9A6h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 9784E58Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F9D57994h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 795F163Ah
xor     eax, 0CEF20442h
sub     eax, 0EFA36755h
not     eax
sub     eax, 402D2471h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 85DA73C9h
xor     eax, 7B9DB6DCh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 4897E663h
xor     eax, 269D218Fh
xor     eax, 0F34FA872h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B10D5E2h
add     eax, 595DCD1Bh
xor     eax, 754E97EEh
add     eax, 0F933E694h
sub     eax, 0FD583F59h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FEC62990h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 3E0A9B69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16ADAF4Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0DA75CFC5h
sub     eax, 0F7795550h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C43A0824h
xor     eax, 673BAD8Dh
add     eax, 7D62CE72h
add     eax, 9CCAD1DCh
sub     eax, 6C964DFAh
sub     eax, 0C9B547BDh
sub     eax, 0B411F3FFh
xor     eax, 70A0DC28h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0C8302CAEh
xor     eax, 2A4AC944h
add     eax, 380D83CEh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0E6E5C66Ah
xor     eax, 64B3482Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0A2287FA2h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 3C53005Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C4603AD6h
xor     eax, 0ED9D1376h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7FBE6B31h
add     eax, 0BA527A69h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B906993Ch
add     eax, 0D53424B6h
sub     eax, 0CA19D10Eh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 98D53B4Bh
add     eax, 7CDC7068h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0BE582AA1h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2561896Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 4796E1CBh
sub     eax, 4E8997B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5B3B373Dh
add     eax, 5C07848Ah
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 12268DCDh
sub     eax, 0F20E80F1h
sub     eax, 51EF7477h
add     eax, 385C2390h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9290C092h
sub     eax, 0EEB8DD00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D0138BFEh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E9053641h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 98C943C8h
add     eax, 3E5EF113h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 5A46EF1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 32C52578h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0C62C8AF3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 3B04B258h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 4962EEDDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 746A5503h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B890F204h
xor     eax, 0AB1C09DCh
add     eax, 6933F699h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 18A69CC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CEA084E5h
add     eax, 9C3053FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0ADB9C79Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 6DB9CCFFh
xor     eax, 0F674BFF6h
sub     eax, 90271505h
xor     eax, 7505C49Fh
xor     eax, 8B06CE22h
add     eax, 3BAEED5Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8094DE04h
xor     eax, 0D39D98A1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5E2ED52Ah
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0AF35F96Fh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A90AD5A7h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0DCA3B967h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 8049A892h
xor     eax, 0E6A65630h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B6BEE16Fh
add     eax, 0B9B26B0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CC9BC8EEh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 12AD4EC1h
add     eax, 20F01965h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C90B9BEDh
add     eax, 0AEF268D4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6CFFB5A7h
add     eax, 31657861h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 524EC61Ah
add     eax, 49FEB2E6h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 82F880F7h
xor     eax, 0BA46DD1Ah
xor     eax, 0EB3DEB64h
add     eax, 0B1C2E125h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 94941425h
xor     eax, 2BA17A14h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FF97AEFFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8951B76Fh
sub     eax, 9864C189h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C1536817h
sub     eax, 130DC95Dh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 4DDB87DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C6EA3B9Ch
sub     eax, 0ECEF8546h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 6134E26Ch
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8CB92DFDh
xor     eax, 0AAFCFC18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3C0A11A3h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 1B2A3FB2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 997A42EBh
xor     eax, 62B0FB34h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0E71D56FDh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0AC8A584Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0F9586CDFh
add     eax, 2A38A140h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 342DDED2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 7C444B89h
add     eax, 5B707E94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F7BF017Ah
xor     eax, 15D469C2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5C6D6610h
add     eax, 0E28622F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 389AD949h
add     eax, 9EFF6F5Dh
add     eax, 7030BF6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7C83BECFh
add     eax, 928C0721h
xor     eax, 0D4F112BBh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0DCF77CD2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 81C43FC4h
xor     eax, 173F087Dh
sub     eax, 0C9647422h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 234DD4DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 3F67119Bh
xor     eax, 0DD3F044Dh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0B435DED7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C4C31467h
sub     eax, 7E4E1C37h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9FC8F362h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F6DB7B9Eh
xor     eax, 83E7B1FAh
xor     eax, 51C54412h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A08ABBB8h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 3B81399Ch
sub     eax, 8B970751h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4BBBF4B8h
xor     eax, 86DF2BABh
add     eax, 111119F9h
xor     eax, 0D24BA827h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 812ED30Ch
add     eax, 6CDC6E13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 3828E7B4h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F9DFA44Dh
sub     eax, 0F6C429CCh
sub     eax, 0A73E53EBh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0F08D92BFh
sub     eax, 80A9FB11h
xor     eax, 41CEBAAAh
add     eax, 9ADCB289h
sub     eax, 9FD3C98Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4F3739EAh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 9F7258D3h
add     eax, 29130F83h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 4CDAB7BCh
add     eax, 0F8200BDEh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 7AEED721h
not     eax
add     eax, 8823D28Dh
xor     eax, 0A74ECDD4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 33208230h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0B5B6F0A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0DF97135Eh
xor     eax, 7A918E7Ah
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D90CADE9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CEA2D12Ch
xor     eax, 0E4B9064Dh
xor     eax, 2B037B77h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 45AA98F1h
xor     eax, 4935429Dh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0DFBDC0A2h
add     eax, 897E05B3h
sub     eax, 0F8C4F89Eh
xor     eax, 0E6C37560h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2AA937C9h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0D31E3F6Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 8F7798F7h
xor     eax, 24980B37h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 2C1BF7EAh
add     eax, 7276B715h
xor     eax, 0D48FF4A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 121CA2EDh
xor     eax, 9778C5E2h
xor     eax, 21B2298Eh
sub     eax, 0EB48F121h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CD4A5F8Dh
add     eax, 0FC42F205h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0AD18252Eh
sub     eax, 3BBE5F2Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0EF1CA29Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0E738D2D9h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 47E2597Fh
sub     eax, 5A4A4909h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 3328A5A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 29F114E9h
sub     eax, 509B36A5h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7FC05BB5h
sub     eax, 5C671115h
sub     eax, 0E37FA862h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F48A6588h
sub     eax, 4ED73C3Bh
sub     eax, 0FA6DD2BCh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0EC600771h
xor     eax, 0B681CD1Fh
add     eax, 3006B597h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 344A2622h
not     eax
xor     eax, 50CD5294h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 9C8D481Eh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0BC57E75Dh
xor     eax, 0EE747750h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 29F2EA5Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7B95229Eh
xor     eax, 82A14E6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9F02D1B6h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0FDE798E8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 43B1611Eh
xor     eax, 28927B64h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AB8A7E05h
xor     eax, 0DA467470h
sub     eax, 612AA5F4h
sub     eax, 8F9C5535h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 2488F7D5h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0DCD23254h
add     eax, 5CAD0EE6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0B64BC508h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0C971CC41h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 45E50B50h
sub     eax, 811AADDDh
xor     eax, 0D9DF2A7Fh
xor     eax, 0C848D0DBh
xor     eax, 9D9C01E6h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 7D3A77E3h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A5DA9979h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 4F4FF00Bh
add     eax, 7A9E18D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0B0F305E3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F60D3944h
add     eax, 0F914B72Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 35EBC303h
xor     eax, 0E2392395h
add     eax, 0F4BC377Dh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 744F582Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 15EF1A8Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FBDD4793h
add     eax, 191C3718h
add     eax, 0CE0EBFDFh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 5D9C80C1h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0B00AAC7Dh
xor     eax, 63CF7B35h
add     eax, 11DEF463h
xor     eax, 7A10AD2Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 1C0C1B80h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0B72C775Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 15FC08D8h
sub     eax, 7491D0D5h
sub     eax, 11919F02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F5480AFAh
add     eax, 8E0DEE06h
sub     eax, 0A36C1D42h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 8D0B0FF6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CF8D8A0Dh
add     eax, 0E66E2EB4h
xor     eax, 17363963h
xor     eax, 5023C583h
xor     eax, 4511560Dh
sub     eax, 0B1C2C9E3h
sub     eax, 6446F474h
sub     eax, 0D25AE6C4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0A15FE07Bh
xor     eax, 0BCE5DEA1h
xor     eax, 76DE04F7h
sub     eax, 0FE60DFA1h
xor     eax, 232100CBh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0EE3F095Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9E54B5D6h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 29B12740h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2864E6DFh
xor     eax, 0B55F3AFFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 593C08FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CEFFEC5Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 36BA9ACCh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 6679DA18h
sub     eax, 7239D59Ah
add     eax, 624DEB8Fh
xor     eax, 0F9B33B31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4F1DFEDAh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0B50358ADh
sub     eax, 84116A1Ah
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 78FB38D1h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0EC03D82Ah
add     eax, 2EEDC555h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 83A2638Bh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0FB84F39Ah
add     eax, 0A16EF8BAh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E5E9423Fh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 13DEBB46h
xor     eax, 8E7386B1h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CB56F83Ah
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0AB202706h
sub     eax, 19937C1Eh
xor     eax, 0C8F75522h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EF56FD18h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8E4544CDh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 172E1E96h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C6BDE3A7h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0E66DA211h
add     eax, 0D1A7C970h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0D4F34105h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1E183581h
sub     eax, 135A3B1Ah
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0B9E63406h
add     eax, 248FA48Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0BD5B91C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BEEEFADAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 41FA55CFh
add     eax, 0FF9B2474h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9F3B8148h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 29477582h
sub     eax, 46EA89AFh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 317617EBh
add     eax, 431313F8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 27672F30h
sub     eax, 70E713CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5F244F71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 2679B293h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0E08D75E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9EAA307Dh
sub     eax, 33903D35h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AA0D7000h
not     eax
add     eax, 440C2B01h
xor     eax, 28E6AEE8h
xor     eax, 1937D94Ch
xor     eax, 23D3066Fh
xor     eax, 7D1FE720h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 2B6D9317h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 344B12DEh
add     eax, 0CCAF3002h
sub     eax, 0BD1427D1h
xor     eax, 9A201AB7h
sub     eax, 0DD08F430h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0DD82C536h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E061C5B3h
sub     eax, 0EAEEB0DDh
add     eax, 0BA92C3E9h
sub     eax, 0BEFDF978h
add     eax, 54D5D415h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 5F5B34E3h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BE55A6BAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 49B3CE9Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 72267ADBh
sub     eax, 9E5695EBh
add     eax, 0ECBF109Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 14DA9944h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2C3FAB58h
not     eax
sub     eax, 23072CF2h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 20584D3Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 29236C5Ch
add     eax, 3567467Eh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 1AD49CB7h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0B09DBFA8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 540A1523h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0C3E6FD43h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 11BD9A1Ch
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0AB0E6A42h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 5183514Ch
xor     eax, 4A82DED2h
xor     eax, 2D0B12ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4C32B063h
sub     eax, 81926220h
add     eax, 0DA41EB05h
add     eax, 71CFED9Ah
add     eax, 0BAD97CF6h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 1C29293Eh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B40937A5h
sub     eax, 0AC76E970h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 11ACDCAEh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 93919717h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7F66B808h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 8B4F983Ch
xor     eax, 0F23AF928h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3AB32768h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EF03173Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 43F5A15Ah
xor     eax, 3F2A405Ch
add     eax, 0E66974C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C120D326h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2398E58Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 3AB3009Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 4696EA5Bh
sub     eax, 0E61F799Dh
add     eax, 0D4220C63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C0DAED0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 4B82D422h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0DC2F325Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0C4F1526Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4B1BB598h
xor     eax, 0EEC18977h
xor     eax, 0FEC605A1h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7D195C7Dh
sub     eax, 0BB495DB0h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0D4F54C0Bh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 7AC27A81h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0B67DF099h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 7DABC1EAh
add     eax, 0C27A117Fh
sub     eax, 9B3E2E02h
add     eax, 44FD7AC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B7B5A127h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0BF782890h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 42519851h
xor     eax, 873889CAh
sub     eax, 0B5AEC1E9h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D61F1FD3h
add     eax, 9B80FDFAh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C2E70CEDh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 38C0E6FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D12CA696h
add     eax, 539B1733h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 99FB1E5Fh
add     eax, 3F696B78h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 14112D50h
add     eax, 6285AA29h
sub     eax, 8B07B77Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 46510568h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 2F4E9B96h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8298D178h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0F8C73175h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 73D16677h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 5B310278h
sub     eax, 349F8963h
add     eax, 28952C20h
add     eax, 0EC848F4Bh
sub     eax, 5FB9C1BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1804A84Bh
sub     eax, 0AD1A18F6h
add     eax, 0C8FF41F8h
sub     eax, 20B0668Bh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D75018CAh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 3C0EF2AEh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 71A47752h
add     eax, 7C603C19h
sub     eax, 6130767Dh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 53A277A6h
sub     eax, 3298A1FFh
add     eax, 428CC7B4h
sub     eax, 983DCB25h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 237C1B98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 6818DC80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D9B7F91Fh
sub     eax, 0B6F6C007h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0D8F9469Ch
add     eax, 5C5E53D3h
sub     eax, 21CE883Ch
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 997B83F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1C0DCA76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A2727ABBh
sub     eax, 62171D68h
sub     eax, 81887502h
add     eax, 9ED9C84Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D349047Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7F7E169Ah
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0B6B76BF1h
xor     eax, 0EF42705Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0FCEF0143h
add     eax, 0C9928E4Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 10CDC16Eh
add     eax, 5EA64E42h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5CACCAE0h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 72FCA713h
xor     eax, 0E5103FEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 992288BAh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 3357646Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 4EB4B9C3h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 6ECDCA2Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4407923Dh
xor     eax, 152FFE8Ah
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 9A4CD342h
add     eax, 88D8E902h
xor     eax, 81F00A54h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9749C282h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E71C9F40h
not     eax
xor     eax, 70169306h
add     eax, 75157593h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 6EED40F1h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 345028A5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2D201658h
add     eax, 97FC8951h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0C1D2172Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9D5FA8E8h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 17AFF20Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0DA3FF670h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F14658FAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0FD266FCFh
add     eax, 9E0449AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 287EA233h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0ED13F660h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 78DF81C8h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 2826798Ah
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 17115A6Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 26545A80h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 23F513DBh
add     eax, 8DC56643h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 414A3407h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0ED98DAFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ABF16FE7h
xor     eax, 0A16E0268h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 1C937F6Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 94985F4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FFCC3992h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0E980D88Fh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 8DB7E6F5h
sub     eax, 9D56C336h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C69B385Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B1280E6Dh
xor     eax, 0E8333C87h
add     eax, 72127C32h
sub     eax, 0BB0414F2h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FB1DF17Fh
xor     eax, 2229D42Ch
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0CB61E25Bh
sub     eax, 81F325CEh
add     eax, 8BDFC4CCh
xor     eax, 8D76E7A3h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EC1F0126h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0A8569132h
sub     eax, 10D3C7CCh
sub     eax, 0FDA24E54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 11BF6515h
add     eax, 2C396192h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0BE62E3F0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 7F27820Ch
sub     eax, 0DC2CEC9Bh
add     eax, 0A2A0C69Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C280C50Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EF45C981h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 32845570h
sub     eax, 6BB6091Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 48D31EEFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0FDF60C91h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0EF3041FBh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0F46BF872h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0D7DFC347h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 3B62F961h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 2E972F5Eh
sub     eax, 737F4510h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0DBC512C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 339E4B1Bh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F0AF9F7Bh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 7B3FBBA4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8E2904CBh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 69DA2A2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 71738FA0h
sub     eax, 0D7DC1AB3h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0A7C7E0CFh
add     eax, 0C26D0466h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 70FBE63Ch
sub     eax, 0C25D3643h
sub     eax, 0A448D72Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BEE304F3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 9099DFD1h
xor     eax, 38C6A893h
add     eax, 0BE7FDD78h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 22DFD602h
xor     eax, 0A9CDD1D0h
add     eax, 0B607A0D8h
sub     eax, 5B23302Ah
sub     eax, 0C5B956F5h
sub     eax, 86A76654h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0EBB707B1h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 26DD82F5h
add     eax, 0B98E92A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E9D0FE29h
xor     eax, 906D8DFDh
add     eax, 0F2F095D3h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 592418FAh
add     eax, 65C9BEE0h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0E325DC95h
xor     eax, 0A89F89CCh
sub     eax, 0ED79E347h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 91AAC6AEh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0DBD83594h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 322B1677h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 1176B201h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 3912BC5Bh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0ADF9CB1Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 56A3DB98h
xor     eax, 0A1155AAFh
sub     eax, 7C9D8B27h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0BC359A2Eh
sub     eax, 0A279F80Ah
add     eax, 2EB6D6EAh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 65B0CE2Ch
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 5A67874Dh
sub     eax, 60DDF934h
xor     eax, 4D71143Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 9037D1A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3A2B37E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9378A3DBh
xor     eax, 0D5FDBFE1h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0A3F6FF52h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 93C35136h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 56CF9E82h
xor     eax, 7E156149h
xor     eax, 0BE47372Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 9EE23065h
xor     eax, 219DDF37h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 3D900DB3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 195DD2A8h
add     eax, 0D6519684h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 4E6A26F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0E157D1EEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 70818538h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 19EB2AAFh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0B5CAEDAFh
xor     eax, 73575EC4h
sub     eax, 0CD1EBD08h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0BDABFF08h
xor     eax, 33A6204Ah
sub     eax, 4A3A381Ch
sub     eax, 49E6AD19h
xor     eax, 0D0A5840Ch
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 783E1991h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0A0A64AFBh
add     eax, 0EBC813BBh
xor     eax, 7F3944C3h
add     eax, 6E6A3E25h
add     eax, 2FC2440Ah
add     eax, 0A0B92217h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 70588C5Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FAB65C35h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E192C220h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 1A5574A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F63F549Ah
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 96382C3Fh
sub     eax, 3FB3B71Bh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 97066E74h
xor     eax, 0D2296142h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0A7116F8Fh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F00C1709h
sub     eax, 0DCA1FF92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 1A734507h
xor     eax, 0FB684F41h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0A207DFD4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 96EC6AF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CD990678h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B40BE2ADh
sub     eax, 0C2EB9E3Ch
xor     eax, 0D7B0FB28h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 76A29B3Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 42BED669h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 212C68F8h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 15C99616h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 610D5E2Ah
xor     eax, 0E132180Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 2E839D55h
xor     eax, 0C554D750h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 87EEAD4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 88E03E4Bh
add     eax, 0B6CCB47Ch
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 29AA8EB2h
add     eax, 7654D970h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FBE087C2h
xor     eax, 35A1D2EAh
add     eax, 589CCBBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 150D86A1h
add     eax, 31D30035h
xor     eax, 0D779134Bh
xor     eax, 0DBE9BADDh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 99358D4Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 76B1A2B1h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 187FB8F7h
sub     eax, 81552BB7h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0C6EB89FAh
xor     eax, 3F675544h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 75B1B3F0h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0D8628E0Dh
sub     eax, 0BFCD4855h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 14BFD56Ah
add     eax, 6C22EE43h
xor     eax, 0A7C4309Bh
sub     eax, 4C88BB93h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 5B0D21EBh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0BE28FB75h
xor     eax, 45F72FDCh
sub     eax, 0F63DA114h
xor     eax, 2D5735CEh
sub     eax, 46747432h
not     eax
sub     eax, 11184A84h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0B1C3D743h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E6AA67B9h
add     eax, 7EE478D2h
sub     eax, 4332EE09h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 9673F7B5h
xor     eax, 63C9ED74h
sub     eax, 3C2D4790h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 9B4726A5h
xor     eax, 0F17B8B41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 575A6F52h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C404E2BBh
sub     eax, 0A4B05FF1h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A2EAFA1Eh
xor     eax, 0D8F1B3A7h
not     eax
add     eax, 41C494D1h
sub     eax, 343C2348h
sub     eax, 7453D1C4h
xor     eax, 0D3F0F842h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3D093445h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7604B884h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0D5B0A869h
sub     eax, 17626240h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 3B7F78C5h
xor     eax, 397CBABAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 83C33D38h
sub     eax, 0F962C142h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0D2F5919Eh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0E9170252h
add     eax, 7EB49BEEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3DA6942Bh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 29D4C0CFh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0BB46E7B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 8237D940h
sub     eax, 0F8BFA47Eh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 486274EEh
add     eax, 9AA1B6DFh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 9BBAC372h
xor     eax, 1EF7D7B0h
add     eax, 417DF794h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A908A82Ch
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CFE86842h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E777C14Bh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0DFDE81FCh
xor     eax, 184593F8h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0E94E4AC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C712540Eh
xor     eax, 5463E29Ch
sub     eax, 6FA3F7EDh
sub     eax, 629E32F7h
xor     eax, 22523A2Fh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 130CE811h
xor     eax, 890525C4h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0B0806928h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 354F5609h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B1C1A734h
add     eax, 0DC0D4289h
add     eax, 4B84E638h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 227987E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 27930309h
xor     eax, 0AA946D8Eh
xor     eax, 63780C00h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 7C633C56h
xor     eax, 4D42517Bh
xor     eax, 8E085DCFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 77F12636h
sub     eax, 1368A7D4h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 45011F46h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D9CA539Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 5939D471h
add     eax, 0FEC5393Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F47C498Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FEE262DDh
xor     eax, 96D08A81h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0BEAA59EDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 582BB097h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E0B8DDC2h
add     eax, 35AF30B8h
sub     eax, 0D6605F11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8019D872h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 12AE6F56h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0CD34ADD8h
add     eax, 3E828F1Dh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F4C14B3Ch
sub     eax, 92E68F7Ah
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A8AA6E5Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 6480BDC6h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0B7F8D667h
xor     eax, 0F51B0D72h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 2F143CAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0A480A8C6h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C1AC3B85h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 5F98366Fh
add     eax, 0AF6A67A7h
add     eax, 14FA30FDh
sub     eax, 7C9C1D2Ch
add     eax, 0E4C0EFF3h
sub     eax, 1AA5C4A7h
xor     eax, 5F3B8825h
add     eax, 419C1BFFh
sub     eax, 0DD03F4E1h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C9014624h
sub     eax, 0FDF60DB3h
add     eax, 0D1BD0D77h
sub     eax, 0DD31C7EFh
add     eax, 70941F3Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0ABC4A5CAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 39E31CA9h
xor     eax, 583F17B8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0C25735E9h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0DEFF6DBBh
xor     eax, 7944BD1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 77B598D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 6C183EC3h
xor     eax, 70700763h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0F49BA218h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0CE583D14h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CCF280D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 5531D94Bh
sub     eax, 32B44C12h
add     eax, 0C47411E8h
sub     eax, 356FE377h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0D3A543E0h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D4821536h
not     eax
add     eax, 36F01473h
add     eax, 6B47322Bh
sub     eax, 3AF71BE2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 36237BF1h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E0B308F2h
add     eax, 0B2A406BCh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 7ACC2079h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 1D980262h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0A5C96803h
xor     eax, 72CD63F5h
add     eax, 8DBFD900h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 3A0A3762h
sub     eax, 241B04DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 1C35BACAh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2A80FACCh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D9B672CEh
sub     eax, 0BE090907h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 5E16C994h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 91953B43h
sub     eax, 47E9F727h
sub     eax, 95D98A90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F937A41Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C2D4580Ah
add     eax, 0DB42607Dh
xor     eax, 4BD31606h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 9B55CA31h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 89395003h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9C24FD47h
sub     eax, 0F901141Ah
sub     eax, 0AD5BDBE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0FC7111CBh
add     eax, 9F56BB3Fh
xor     eax, 21DDCCA4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 730998C7h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D7951E07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 19DF1977h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0FB98CEFFh
xor     eax, 0F230ED90h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0B1361E4Bh
xor     eax, 122C5C8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D48CBC81h
sub     eax, 336E3786h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5676BCE1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B9DE3EE8h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0F16BB9B6h
add     eax, 0B91E5E0Ch
xor     eax, 20FD0362h
xor     eax, 621D1BD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 270507D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 85ABE692h
add     eax, 0D269131Ch
xor     eax, 0AFCD86DEh
xor     eax, 5D5BF9B6h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6FF049CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0B2772AA3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 230AF0CFh
sub     eax, 0AEF6318Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CC6F11CBh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 25B149E0h
xor     eax, 0FFDA0777h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 5ACC5AB7h
sub     eax, 3DC0506Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 65853CFBh
add     eax, 8219AFC7h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 810F72B2h
xor     eax, 3BD90D38h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 94D6FB84h
xor     eax, 0A0A883C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 6CDF0B8Fh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1EA28A5Fh
xor     eax, 99787535h
xor     eax, 0E48E8C97h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 513FD666h
add     eax, 4341CE33h
sub     eax, 91D31B4Dh
xor     eax, 56077F6Bh
sub     eax, 97178696h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9B8EC513h
xor     eax, 4E495AC2h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 88E40F26h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9EDDA61Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AD6052E1h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 196F1904h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B21E0581h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 314CFEB0h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 71446EFBh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0E92BC022h
add     eax, 3AE23BC7h
add     eax, 6C4C30A7h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0F0F4A23Fh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 6E61EBADh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E30413C5h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0AC996693h
xor     eax, 0E7703A7Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3E51C205h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0A2D0EF01h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0B2389CF9h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 69335DCFh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 5CAF2027h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E5D5D1D5h
add     eax, 881E0F8Fh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0E41233BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 2E9635B8h
sub     eax, 8B61A594h
sub     eax, 7A238765h
add     eax, 4948F9BEh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9122E272h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 672D8891h
not     eax
add     eax, 2A1BCFF1h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0ED64C7C4h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1D9CDD12h
xor     eax, 0E2232641h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 10BFA4DBh
xor     eax, 37BBBB48h
xor     eax, 9048BE42h
xor     eax, 0C12FF34Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 645EB003h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0D81CFA98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 75CB538Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 17FB6034h
xor     eax, 0CABB5956h
add     eax, 4E196229h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C8D9C593h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4BB9A6A6h
xor     eax, 7D2E4DD5h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0C2265552h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C9323B28h
sub     eax, 89C8C628h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 1D221619h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A98F9FD7h
xor     eax, 0D9CD02E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A3B6A9E1h
sub     eax, 8961AF6Dh
sub     eax, 62E93C44h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8F27C05Eh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 85C2C810h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0F787B1D9h
xor     eax, 0B990CC41h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0DAAB22A6h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0CA6CFDC9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C1663C46h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 365ED444h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 36E32AA9h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B215D307h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0C8E29AD4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B55348B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 3B5A8638h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0EDF9DF74h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 44389386h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0FF1E4D28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5475BB9Bh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0F64C6799h
xor     eax, 73FED39Bh
sub     eax, 0EBA494F7h
add     eax, 8EED437Ah
xor     eax, 29FFAE2Ch
xor     eax, 94F33442h
add     eax, 1C7F749Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D8C3112Fh
xor     eax, 0EC50149Fh
xor     eax, 0ACDC73EAh
sub     eax, 0CCE20706h
xor     eax, 1622161Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 5EC03004h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 8BF924EEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BACA3254h
not     eax
xor     eax, 57740905h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 87AAA975h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 555CC63Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2176888Dh
xor     eax, 6233E3FFh
xor     eax, 3DC81C27h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 89148964h
sub     eax, 0A73910B4h
add     eax, 7D411A58h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8AF48107h
not     eax
sub     eax, 95264465h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F645FB19h
xor     eax, 0F815EB5Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0C11BDB91h
xor     eax, 0F2FFDB3Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 3E99CDE2h
sub     eax, 8E7338FDh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0AC8BDCE5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B82992F8h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 7122A86Ah
sub     eax, 755F5A2Eh
add     eax, 0FF0C95EEh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 40C4C17Eh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0F823EC55h
add     eax, 3DBADB0Dh
sub     eax, 0F67094AEh
add     eax, 90D8792Bh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D24211AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 31F06219h
sub     eax, 0C95F73EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 3E576592h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 81AEBE9Bh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 640F144Ch
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0CEF3B5CDh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0BBB5D11Fh
xor     eax, 83213377h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D1529E4Fh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 60750CADh
xor     eax, 4BE7EB2Bh
add     eax, 0F87C7CE5h
add     eax, 15BA4D82h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0BC77975Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3B2453BDh
sub     eax, 0FDF31ECBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F342B481h
sub     eax, 0E2A3A409h
xor     eax, 1B8FC150h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0F6B3413Eh
xor     eax, 0ECAC80F3h
sub     eax, 0D38A79EDh
add     eax, 8874A3ECh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0ED21040Ch
xor     eax, 0DB262BF3h
xor     eax, 45F93B3Eh
sub     eax, 7D3C4C41h
sub     eax, 0EF4DC269h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DAED460Bh
xor     eax, 9791D96Fh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 8E92E92Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 501C0A88h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2220A989h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 7256BEE9h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 6D5C8783h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 62685F3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 5E29D704h
xor     eax, 36DC4ADCh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0D53A7E7Dh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F418F85Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B79EFD8Bh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A35A140Dh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6FC434B9h
sub     eax, 15B63FE6h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EB6FD18Fh
add     eax, 6E8B354Ah
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0E40D41BFh
sub     eax, 0F291D1DAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0E5DBBF84h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0F5B15334h
xor     eax, 0B647073Ah
xor     eax, 0C7A18CF3h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 75C0717Dh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3032B58Ch
add     eax, 4AF07B32h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FCB74920h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 8029C299h
add     eax, 67014115h
add     eax, 3EBCE67Ch
xor     eax, 0B33B920Fh
xor     eax, 4DFA8707h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0C3C7D0CDh
xor     eax, 0BA5E768Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0D761B188h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 91FD3729h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B6510D24h
add     eax, 0FC4F9F6Ah
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 232186A2h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0F31B67B3h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 60FBA079h
sub     eax, 0A42EE598h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CB75D432h
sub     eax, 0CBEBBEF5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4F8DB18Bh
xor     eax, 0BE0E07B9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3415E7FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C22455AAh
xor     eax, 1AB81E05h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B2242D8Dh
add     eax, 0E23AB122h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0DC5378A8h
xor     eax, 7DCE04ACh
sub     eax, 175FFE80h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 2F02C005h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 3BA32FF2h
add     eax, 6588FDA7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0D5844C52h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 76017384h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0D6133932h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 994F4CC8h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0C42EF9ABh
xor     eax, 0A765B6B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 1FCD1C38h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BBAFF391h
add     eax, 6828F11Fh
add     eax, 9BDAC3B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 9AD58268h
sub     eax, 0E8B86A65h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0DD893886h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 427BF8A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A5F54E1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9E6898B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AB48922Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 7FCF3189h
sub     eax, 82412BBDh
sub     eax, 9DA6A88Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0F3E18B16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0D2295142h
add     eax, 819D0B9Bh
sub     eax, 9C757C9Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A0523A7Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 654233D3h
xor     eax, 0F7843DD4h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A21C0A9Ah
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 829647AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 10F7063Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F0959F29h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0FB8CAC64h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 2EB77CBAh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 719B962Fh
add     eax, 0E3366D10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7B0D84B9h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 15BDDCFCh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E5F10FA9h
add     eax, 0D7A69F9Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C36586D3h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 66C8BEC6h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 4CC9F3EBh
xor     eax, 0B8AB6F78h
sub     eax, 8533462Eh
add     eax, 9EFC3535h
sub     eax, 55DB2350h
add     eax, 0EE178795h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B2C26339h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 7843A36Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 338F7DBAh
sub     eax, 0B6A0A66Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0D09EAE1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 7853878Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0B32FFB25h
xor     eax, 2C77CAD6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 275EC151h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AE0211EBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0D0C27FFEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 3C3434A5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0CE823881h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9F2E82E9h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 6ECF4749h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 274AA7A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B3BCCD02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 90A15C10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 308155DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 487A1B4Bh
xor     eax, 2BBB2530h
sub     eax, 0A27F0AA8h
sub     eax, 0EB784B28h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0C3B5E3C8h
xor     eax, 0C76A406Bh
add     eax, 4C5C378Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 6ACBADAAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FCBB2A87h
add     eax, 5ADDA1C7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E9AE409h
sub     eax, 0F91730C7h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0B66C2FC6h
xor     eax, 212EDEFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0EA0CF13Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 9C425375h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0B27CF773h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EAD14099h
sub     eax, 877DA16Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 78497464h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 7A77A160h
xor     eax, 0EA50C926h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 6A56A91Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 80789C86h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D41AEA07h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C10F01F3h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 3FDC3C57h
add     eax, 9C0DFDA0h
xor     eax, 2F7BA2BFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6FD03A25h
not     eax
sub     eax, 81D59A5Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E9391262h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 4C93A74Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0A53A7E4Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FC4597EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B0F868C1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 301E727Eh
add     eax, 511A25CDh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 2A044E20h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 795E3008h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B1C63B51h
add     eax, 0AD309BEDh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0B510D56Dh
xor     eax, 319334B7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3E49E317h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 34F001DCh
sub     eax, 0B799FC83h
add     eax, 0BFED010Ch
xor     eax, 24D2EADAh
xor     eax, 7E519D93h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AB740102h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0FF3880C4h
sub     eax, 9347696Ah
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0B77CA88Ah
add     eax, 0F918F025h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 4351F368h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8C2D171Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 3DC44E63h
add     eax, 0E905ACD0h
xor     eax, 0A6136447h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0EF600ACBh
xor     eax, 9AAEB124h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 81C4B489h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 4D4D5722h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0F580540Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 46E08F83h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 8A7AC493h
sub     eax, 27AF80AAh
sub     eax, 1DBD45ACh
xor     eax, 0E18FE6F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0F668417Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3CD06E4Ah
xor     eax, 7B201A0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 52272E1Dh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 1DA139C6h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0F3EA41AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 9ADE509Dh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AA9C8B1Eh
xor     eax, 490F0103h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0C6FE4AE3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D99B230Ch
xor     eax, 951BACC8h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 3D2D6D29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 3E411531h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 7CDF1C8Eh
xor     eax, 1B7E5A70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 94DEA6B0h
xor     eax, 0D316E730h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F884D1A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E0A56EB7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 20E04E8Dh
xor     eax, 0B6A4812Fh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 52519E3Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 822417CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 70477603h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0BD7B7134h
add     eax, 0C890CF25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0DD65DC1Ch
xor     eax, 0DF4988BBh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0A373A5C5h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 730D6536h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8E69466Bh
xor     eax, 0BB047E6Bh
add     eax, 0A10C8BD3h
add     eax, 72F557B3h
xor     eax, 9DE0C600h
xor     eax, 0FF98BE5Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 254E447Fh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 180918F0h
xor     eax, 9C206FD3h
xor     eax, 5C9F88A8h
sub     eax, 0B1F0E8B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 544B0C3Eh
xor     eax, 0CEE584FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 47625988h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0E23F120Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 5921FD39h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 1C2C40D2h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 5BDE9193h
xor     eax, 0FA10A947h
sub     eax, 0CE6DD3CDh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 3C4B0D3Ah
xor     eax, 1ED61047h
add     eax, 0AA9CAA6Bh
sub     eax, 7D11842Ch
xor     eax, 3B1E7E15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BD668367h
not     eax
add     eax, 99661023h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 32A888F5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A9A5D534h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C7FBE1C3h
add     eax, 0B9F75BDDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 49F3F4E4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ADF96CBCh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0C594A52Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B7FA01B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4668AE0Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 38480CA2h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 43E1DD7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0A0B7C643h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5002D103h
xor     eax, 978BE922h
xor     eax, 8C039F8Ch
sub     eax, 8EF6975Bh
sub     eax, 0D3DBBC5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8252F23Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3A3BF305h
xor     eax, 0C75D9424h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 6970D745h
add     eax, 0A4127F13h
add     eax, 697F1E04h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0D2460976h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 1BF0496Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ECF746EAh
add     eax, 4AEA2774h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 147C3840h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0A04F06A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5B7D07EAh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 8E5B0E8Eh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 0DEB2B8F4h
sub     eax, 93C63ABEh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 794591C4h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A1E84549h
add     eax, 0DB099384h
xor     eax, 0A387D89Eh
xor     eax, 6A964765h
add     eax, 0C48B3D7Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 4C43207Dh
sub     eax, 0C50D470Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BA42D107h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0EED091DFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0B33B3369h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0E69FF3ABh
add     eax, 0BA5E14CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 9A1C689Eh
sub     eax, 616024E6h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0C6661D50h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9D5661D0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CED0C769h
add     eax, 59C69B81h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CF045B44h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0E02673DCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7CC7D990h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0F5B85657h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0B77D5AF9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 127D5DB0h
xor     eax, 7E49E6E0h
sub     eax, 0C676EB27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 93458776h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DEC13659h
sub     eax, 2ADB1D32h
add     eax, 917FEF7Ch
xor     eax, 0CCDA4DD4h
sub     eax, 0A083831Ah
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 4E465148h
xor     eax, 5926D333h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 264A4FEEh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 7020CF40h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C42463E5h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0DB1A2813h
add     eax, 9AA29DADh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F44C2887h
not     eax
add     eax, 22628BD0h
sub     eax, 9EA79FD0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 11254B1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 79A737B0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 73AE7049h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0B04AD0A9h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F402EF01h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EF40A43Bh
sub     eax, 0C131DE3Fh
xor     eax, 0DE43F536h
add     eax, 77486E2Ah
add     eax, 5E9B5A3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2A0454B3h
sub     eax, 9833CF8Ah
add     eax, 0BC5F67CDh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0DF8D9500h
add     eax, 0C91AC945h
sub     eax, 0E8532CC7h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0C33DA3E8h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 3E75E056h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0B2705CEAh
xor     eax, 32B8C4C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B6B377C0h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 1E8965A1h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0E26CD1D7h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 49D66F07h
sub     eax, 30AD31F0h
add     eax, 0A0FFD80Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 69C58878h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0DBEB9E5Ch
sub     eax, 0E1792243h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 203AE762h
xor     eax, 6C7BCF3Fh
sub     eax, 93726EABh
xor     eax, 0ED31517Eh
xor     eax, 76A9F62Bh
xor     eax, 0B26F1129h
add     eax, 5B26A712h
sub     eax, 0A2FBD7DCh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 888BCF63h
sub     eax, 8B536057h
xor     eax, 47199BE2h
xor     eax, 0B2AD099Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 73DE82B8h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0DACCEF1Bh
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 731DF891h
xor     eax, 42635CDDh
sub     eax, 0D8ABE395h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 47312731h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F31AF33Dh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 66DEA165h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16070F54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 20C0E078h
add     eax, 7430920Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DFA589B5h
add     eax, 48D786FEh
sub     eax, 0E72BD701h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 8537FF5Dh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 44728A26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5367809Eh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9784A5EDh
sub     eax, 437C2D7Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0D78F404Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0FCB6CD88h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 7EEA3D29h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 88153EE2h
xor     eax, 48BDE3B6h
xor     eax, 0D459E8ACh
sub     eax, 2CA81AF1h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0E1DED99Dh
add     eax, 0ED6FC732h
sub     eax, 3089DADBh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 30008555h
xor     eax, 0DAFB2B03h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0C2F9BEEEh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 54F9DE24h
sub     eax, 0AFC07198h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 87E4C3E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0FF2F9BFBh
not     eax
add     eax, 31D3E261h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 364F479Fh
add     eax, 5000385Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F62A5E4Fh
add     eax, 0C53EA6E5h
sub     eax, 5BF436EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 6B185FEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C44E9193h
sub     eax, 85D3B9D3h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 3E74293Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4F8C1A18h
xor     eax, 2C87FD99h
sub     eax, 0E4893CF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8C7313CCh
sub     eax, 0A125E5ACh
add     eax, 203E8F8Ah
xor     eax, 194C7067h
add     eax, 0D7D857A5h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6D02BC13h
add     eax, 6A7A8B4Dh
xor     eax, 3AE984EAh
xor     eax, 8AE18004h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 360C4465h
add     eax, 0F0203BB0h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C32B1A0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0B1D02F46h
add     eax, 733A13A5h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 7498A6D5h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 67DBEB58h
sub     eax, 2900CF71h
sub     eax, 1F78DA22h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0A8BA0CC0h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9FBBAF95h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 36098DA1h
add     eax, 23EB435Eh
sub     eax, 76B22C80h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3C2DF86Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 23C03768h
add     eax, 4105532Fh
xor     eax, 0E672A4ACh
xor     eax, 0EE7F6B7Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0EDD20DF7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0A626AC42h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DABEBA15h
sub     eax, 0A02BE8FFh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0EAF59051h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 7F4A897Ch
add     eax, 6217EBFDh
add     eax, 60135AC9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1C363378h
sub     eax, 1968AED4h
add     eax, 670AC1DDh
add     eax, 0B18F639Ch
add     eax, 0F68B1DFFh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 1A6F3742h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0FA31586Bh
xor     eax, 9A131A2Ch
xor     eax, 0AA1A1F94h
xor     eax, 3E98D8C4h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 7D1DF136h
sub     eax, 0E5807A56h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0B62B2115h
add     eax, 0B289D58Ah
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0C643C20Dh
add     eax, 8B457D8Fh
xor     eax, 3FCB3CABh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F8598674h
add     eax, 2357A6AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E2672B56h
add     eax, 0B32AAF1Ah
sub     eax, 1E02B9CAh
add     eax, 0F93B7697h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0BD347D71h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 386C8FBAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 9B73F335h
xor     eax, 47A7483Eh
xor     eax, 0C91B81F2h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 4D5BF459h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 83887023h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DB700FFBh
add     eax, 9686EE06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3CAE0528h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 7D2893FBh
sub     eax, 3EA499E5h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0F712EEC6h
add     eax, 87C444E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7BEAEA8Bh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 18337A24h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 55192CCEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0E96F9C38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0DEB1AC54h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 86F8B833h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 3A7770DBh
add     eax, 61DB657Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4A47C9A3h
sub     eax, 0B2D5B0D2h
xor     eax, 0A3E50023h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EDE07B22h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0F2C79BC7h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 8580FD62h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D02E1B7Bh
xor     eax, 0A3D79E9Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 526835FDh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 73974467h
add     eax, 0B5C6EC22h
add     eax, 0B8FB7C99h
xor     eax, 0E04A0C3Ah
add     eax, 0DAB2AB7Ah
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 2FBFFC57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0BF15C1E3h
xor     eax, 0DE1C50E0h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 6D586962h
not     eax
add     eax, 660BB3CEh
sub     eax, 0A1CB91D4h
xor     eax, 0F857E0C5h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 39967FF4h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D1A030B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A750EC14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 44D4E256h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3ABE8838h
sub     eax, 555D5E04h
sub     eax, 79CE6D16h
add     eax, 0A5712F14h
add     eax, 0C70D646Eh
sub     eax, 0A53EB7A6h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 5BC8B59Ch
sub     eax, 0B2EB1943h
sub     eax, 5C3DC520h
sub     eax, 36C10375h
sub     eax, 203CFBC1h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 61F608E5h
sub     eax, 7802D5AAh
add     eax, 9A294326h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B8336F88h
sub     eax, 18BF5D04h
add     eax, 0BD471E1Dh
sub     eax, 97A464C3h
add     eax, 0DACA1DDEh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 63233EC0h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 9D3ED3E3h
add     eax, 3C23C7EAh
sub     eax, 0E1D03146h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E2737EACh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 82B0AD1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 657F382Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AE7D0F0Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B6D854D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 4547CDB7h
add     eax, 996DECC6h
xor     eax, 7B726604h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 401637E1h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 88B60A9Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0D1D8A1E1h
add     eax, 0A24A564Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D42F3656h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 519BB925h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0B0236CFCh
add     eax, 20B3B9FDh
sub     eax, 0AD2DEB5Dh
xor     eax, 0CBE76113h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 36197178h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0E2933186h
add     eax, 129C1245h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D019158Fh
add     eax, 7D582279h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 93CE7B3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 83B94F5Dh
sub     eax, 0B61E6330h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 1D5A332Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 33FD02A9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F436430Ah
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 65C15EEFh
xor     eax, 0C5233D88h
sub     eax, 68965743h
add     eax, 81278475h
add     eax, 0BC1CB93Dh
add     eax, 49D29E43h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B0E78548h
add     eax, 342CB477h
add     eax, 0E839D54Eh
xor     eax, 35C0160Ch
add     eax, 9A09D7D9h
xor     eax, 294D190Fh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0CBA18BBEh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1FEA87BCh
add     eax, 486B6FB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 485A17EDh
sub     eax, 0D9857515h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4F96C8AFh
sub     eax, 0EFC4F90Ch
xor     eax, 3831EA4Ah
add     eax, 58E0F6E4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0E201AF23h
add     eax, 0B6FBA8A5h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 81F3B3C3h
not     eax
add     eax, 971F7441h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0E9FF8A7Bh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 95514B58h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0C9621356h
add     eax, 0B6B0C5F0h
add     eax, 32F5F1AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0DF491B27h
xor     eax, 0A7C079EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1EE36ABEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 94CB856Dh
xor     eax, 0B0C2EDA6h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0BE72E298h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5E2AC906h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 926F781Bh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 602F764Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ED2E81D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0D721CCA7h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 60F77805h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2CD14D13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9E85E6A0h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 3B7A0AC5h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0EFC453FEh
sub     eax, 0E613B915h
add     eax, 9F1CB9C1h
xor     eax, 0C4518FDFh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 80EFF18Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C6E1EC2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 27B2A6ECh
xor     eax, 62108871h
add     eax, 31028AF8h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0D773814Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 3B99E7CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 1A72280Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 706E7606h
xor     eax, 914761D8h
xor     eax, 32187628h
add     eax, 236E3A1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 89F61F8Eh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D84857A5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7BE37F63h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0A1B019B2h
sub     eax, 0C5CCD452h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 17007417h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 5869B0BDh
add     eax, 4BD6DCC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 79C964E2h
xor     eax, 91CF6F34h
add     eax, 0A882D2EFh
add     eax, 0D880A2CEh
add     eax, 0EC800AD3h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0CD8D6FBFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F1AE74DDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 903E65BBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F4CF30D2h
add     eax, 0ED536E2Dh
xor     eax, 33AFB4A0h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 18A2D1F9h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 60B6B4D4h
add     eax, 3B37CE7Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0A4057F99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5756B1D1h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 252546A4h
sub     eax, 94A022C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 62F74A96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0CC4DAEEEh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 72575D26h
not     eax
xor     eax, 22D10BADh
xor     eax, 86382A73h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 9B57A734h
sub     eax, 5A8CE478h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0D4FD8740h
sub     eax, 431C3CEBh
sub     eax, 0BB3A35ADh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2E191742h
xor     eax, 0F6CA4AF6h
add     eax, 0E73597ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0CBB5FFB9h
add     eax, 34F39E2Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BC118D86h
add     eax, 0E329704Ch
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 67DAFBD7h
add     eax, 0E86FE1E6h
sub     eax, 9B0C29F6h
sub     eax, 0F1309BF3h
add     eax, 3F1BBE17h
sub     eax, 3DB59193h
sub     eax, 39E932F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 653DC373h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5E17CD1Dh
xor     eax, 535D0FFFh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 6CB3824Ah
sub     eax, 0BE4B61E6h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 5A241559h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 7855D0F8h
xor     eax, 0BA2E1208h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ACDE4D35h
sub     eax, 30C98D9Ah
add     eax, 2995C98Eh
add     eax, 45448812h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2462A172h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1D163EABh
sub     eax, 7AC89DB6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0BA83B633h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 13DF4972h
xor     eax, 0C663259Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8C92A05Ch
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 443D0CF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 89EFE497h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 88209F99h
add     eax, 0FC69F568h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F5F8D4A8h
xor     eax, 1E034B5Fh
sub     eax, 0CD7BC3BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6FA3C3B9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 56C62888h
xor     eax, 8B9CCB3Bh
xor     eax, 635B1CB7h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 31431F50h
sub     eax, 6F9977AAh
xor     eax, 0C55B0325h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9B8D3639h
sub     eax, 97E695C5h
sub     eax, 0DCE6CEC9h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0B5BAA8E9h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4B23FE2Fh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 84680A81h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 678840A9h
xor     eax, 7D4E1F4Fh
xor     eax, 5468E2B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7F904CB2h
add     eax, 6B395EB1h
add     eax, 73D1DC20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0B23993BBh
xor     eax, 8CA2692Eh
xor     eax, 6B1AD4F1h
add     eax, 3DF9C1D0h
xor     eax, 86FD2C82h
sub     eax, 4B89A5C7h
xor     eax, 0C5DEF6A3h
xor     eax, 6E5A3886h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EDC35AA3h
add     eax, 185A36B1h
sub     eax, 5B7930E0h
not     eax
add     eax, 91703787h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CB7C727Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 668F69A1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E3F550B3h
xor     eax, 8B5604EFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0DE60B760h
xor     eax, 0F45B6B97h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0D9D3186Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0B2F2F7AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C4CD548Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 114A7397h
xor     eax, 8B013643h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 7F2ABF4Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 52E87A3Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 7E36B3C7h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 8BC71A3Ch
add     eax, 0BEB8B0C1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 676C1B0Bh
xor     eax, 40B2C524h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A32F30ABh
add     eax, 0AD6E42B5h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 13DD6B23h
xor     eax, 667369B3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 1063D354h
not     eax
sub     eax, 153CE1B9h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 36B5290Eh
xor     eax, 39C1F74Dh
sub     eax, 373411EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4F198316h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 405D20CCh
xor     eax, 0D12EE786h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AD1B8E46h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 78CA1F33h
add     eax, 301EC439h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 1485854Fh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0A0E884A9h
add     eax, 1ACEE475h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 8DFEE589h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 898A556Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 42185599h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0D69DBC08h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 36D6D815h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 7E199497h
sub     eax, 0D0CD1DB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 66A56C33h
xor     eax, 3978AE74h
xor     eax, 6B4C3E4Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CF8293E8h
add     eax, 0C03F79FFh
sub     eax, 0D04E465Bh
xor     eax, 606AD9C5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 43C5B35Eh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0CFFA1D19h
sub     eax, 2E30E711h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 7513A2ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FD4EAAF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 8A71CA4Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F4EF5E29h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 1AB0CDA9h
xor     eax, 0FB8687AAh
xor     eax, 0F73C25E2h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 861E0C81h
sub     eax, 69BED4C3h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 9850DA24h
add     eax, 620EEBA9h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 6434A6F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 67502DBCh
sub     eax, 4D76F2B5h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 77CCA162h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E0EFE90Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 9FD22160h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 86AD1F3Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 68DB388Dh
add     eax, 303B097Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 501D8742h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4D2ADA04h
xor     eax, 7ABA6EB3h
xor     eax, 0D25A3388h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4396C5C8h
xor     eax, 0C9717281h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 43F82893h
xor     eax, 3735FA7Eh
sub     eax, 3631880Ch
sub     eax, 97DB33E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 40616269h
sub     eax, 0CB7B754Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7D1C797Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 98EE55F0h
xor     eax, 69FEF132h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 9D25D98Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ADD75786h
sub     eax, 0BC7A9A1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 8B342010h
not     eax
xor     eax, 197B4A4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 6D9C644Dh
xor     eax, 5705FAF7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A726245Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 145AA1DCh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F33E868Bh
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 8277D907h
xor     eax, 77BADDC8h
sub     eax, 27C119B5h
sub     eax, 0E6BF482Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9A541D69h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 74AB7B11h
xor     eax, 7CC24677h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DF6D78B5h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E1FF1713h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 57A008BFh
not     eax
add     eax, 4B34D356h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 754BD56Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 1DDB0976h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B0B8C984h
xor     eax, 712551E4h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 77B536B7h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 489FE2FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 43AA671Bh
xor     eax, 0DA1694EAh
sub     eax, 7EC843E5h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 66F86CEEh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 3736F9D5h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 1C8CF058h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 485A6724h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 9C3E4C66h
add     eax, 0AFCD12ACh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0C82CABE8h
add     eax, 94885102h
sub     eax, 5FF9C57Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 7D126275h
add     eax, 0EE76E4E4h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0A9BC68CFh
xor     eax, 0CF303235h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 89A1A283h
xor     eax, 0DE2AD030h
add     eax, 92B40C44h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 3C05470Ah
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 5D9E5B1Ah
add     eax, 5440A274h
not     eax
add     eax, 94724C3Ah
xor     eax, 0ABFD60C8h
add     eax, 89D80048h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 353C05CBh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 10991F3Dh
xor     eax, 540B6356h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 1F3F45A5h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0DA769211h
sub     eax, 786D2323h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 184B53B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6CE4CFD1h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 896860E8h
xor     eax, 4BF60F55h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E9A0630Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9C65D76Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 5D1A837Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0F473BB42h
not     eax
add     eax, 683012F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 289643BEh
xor     eax, 0F6C421D1h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 466A212Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0E56126CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BADF1576h
add     eax, 89DE5843h
xor     eax, 0CA7D94B4h
add     eax, 4D42741Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 60549E43h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0B52E79BAh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3506997Eh
sub     eax, 5C713440h
sub     eax, 0FCBC59E5h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0E383327Ah
add     eax, 9D64D1B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B02618CBh
xor     eax, 7FACD686h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C398790Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A6544AF3h
sub     eax, 9F5C964Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 24CEF2BCh
sub     eax, 14821BBCh
add     eax, 5480E584h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DE0477EAh
sub     eax, 2A1A63D3h
add     eax, 2B727C37h
xor     eax, 68E3BC5Ch
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0D8D455CFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A2433F48h
add     eax, 0E5BC76B8h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 864883FFh
sub     eax, 49FCDCD8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 3632DBA5h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6E5BF7CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2305D110h
add     eax, 0D7036C91h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 1010218Bh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0ACE7D90Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0ECF1C378h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9DA0C69Ah
add     eax, 4ABC7324h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0F33F4273h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 2BE02B32h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BA7BEAD4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9AD79AA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 92052D8Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F7BB47F7h
xor     eax, 0B6A9B462h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DAC79586h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 92093B37h
sub     eax, 0BA25A017h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EBE2FEB3h
add     eax, 7540F779h
sub     eax, 0B0512E5Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0AFAD3C7Dh
add     eax, 8C1D2B6Ch
sub     eax, 0A3D106ADh
add     eax, 0C8E02436h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 365A049Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D527617Fh
xor     eax, 57EBF560h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2DDF7895h
xor     eax, 7BE211A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 99022A0Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 48E456ADh
xor     eax, 6CFED569h
add     eax, 0BB1BCFBBh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 52A5881Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 6056C381h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0A5B68A8Dh
add     eax, 0DB774034h
sub     eax, 74CD5091h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 3AB49475h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FCAC7FCAh
add     eax, 9E8BFF73h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CC0EC253h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 9AB08EF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 45985A1Ch
add     eax, 9380C677h
xor     eax, 0A439C147h
add     eax, 80831A5Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 63BC3FCCh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 6BAA29F8h
add     eax, 0C6272F07h
add     eax, 5ED2F460h
sub     eax, 1A1F3A5Dh
add     eax, 0E6232F66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0DEE5B9CBh
add     eax, 0DDC27AA7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0BA5CDBB2h
add     eax, 0EC833072h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0ECAA523Fh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 18714FFDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4EF46BB6h
sub     eax, 0BBE72351h
xor     eax, 0DE867A64h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 5D8120B9h
add     eax, 891DC246h
add     eax, 0AD80C517h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0A626343Eh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0D539ABAAh
add     eax, 9C431FDAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DCBF924Ch
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 5B3A89CBh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 848F9583h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 98C6927Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 26844147h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 61C87B9Eh
xor     eax, 0AA61DACFh
add     eax, 0ACBC79A8h
add     eax, 6BDAE379h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 7DF80127h
not     eax
sub     eax, 417D65B0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 493DF1E9h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 794B3CFCh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F5FDC5B8h
sub     eax, 7D875375h
sub     eax, 7FF9A5A9h
sub     eax, 4C1CD1A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0AFC1F306h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 3D12A773h
sub     eax, 82E2CF54h
sub     eax, 8A2247EFh
add     eax, 0FC20C1A0h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0AB337B48h
xor     eax, 0F14F1835h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 726B7655h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7514CD49h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0D8233D10h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 4D5CD373h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 6BE12278h
add     eax, 0E1407390h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A0FEDC0Bh
xor     eax, 4062032Dh
add     eax, 0B6E4AFBFh
xor     eax, 0CFEA9131h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 47BFE238h
add     eax, 29852E72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F46E56C2h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CC84FB1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C844D268h
xor     eax, 815C3D54h
add     eax, 66AC13A5h
add     eax, 6FAD7247h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3655E356h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 74830E1Dh
sub     eax, 43670B9Eh
xor     eax, 2F4C9425h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 8325857Ch
sub     eax, 0A7EF9E48h
xor     eax, 1C7746D3h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 24C6FD2Eh
add     eax, 0B914188Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CF8C2100h
sub     eax, 8C0F40B7h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 2C055F7Eh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 965AE36Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CE471186h
add     eax, 0CEA68EDBh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0E2ACC9DEh
xor     eax, 0E4EC75A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 76121622h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 99C5E4A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0C90979D9h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0A71D6424h
add     eax, 0C7E50666h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 48CDB7F8h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 9FFC4B3Dh
xor     eax, 6BB5177Fh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 91DAE0ABh
add     eax, 9550CA85h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 4D318526h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0DB7B9578h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0AE401435h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0EB436EBCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1D79AF6Eh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0B770C72Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 20113AB3h
sub     eax, 14979E07h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 736A0385h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BAF23EA0h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 76A9F5E5h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EE92ADDFh
xor     eax, 23A7CFDBh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0DBB91FDBh
add     eax, 67A98A2Ch
xor     eax, 8E314A69h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 28489ED9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 7EE6C9F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8930F9C4h
xor     eax, 3EC3E476h
xor     eax, 755FF291h
add     eax, 1918999Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 9DDB7A8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E12166E5h
sub     eax, 20D12F20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9A097FF1h
add     eax, 0B3E52DC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BC4ED72Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2E9F94B5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 3A7CFC0Ch
xor     eax, 39CACD37h
add     eax, 0F2A0575Bh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0DD675BEFh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 7959329Eh
add     eax, 0E081CC9Fh
xor     eax, 7C33A21Dh
xor     eax, 0B7251B1Ah
xor     eax, 82DD13E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0FDC00A9Bh
sub     eax, 322CB45Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 5B07F77Ah
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0CBC1D75Fh
sub     eax, 319343E9h
sub     eax, 7090911Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A0B7CB58h
sub     eax, 10A0CFB1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CBDDFFF8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0A6E35481h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 15071777h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 4DAEEC8Eh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 2774E2F1h
sub     eax, 0C5F13894h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A53400E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5DEC39A0h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 19234B98h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 3DC5C19Ah
xor     eax, 0D4909803h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CC36283Ch
xor     eax, 0C20C2ACBh
add     eax, 1B41C03Eh
add     eax, 9FE94006h
sub     eax, 0BB0CBF68h
xor     eax, 0CBCD8248h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 8AE9C231h
add     eax, 0BD879725h
add     eax, 0CE6DD916h
add     eax, 0EA66C542h
xor     eax, 91D7B287h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0BA3996BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C4D33B9Ah
sub     eax, 9136A0AFh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 104BDB82h
sub     eax, 5DB4DA86h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 772AD346h
xor     eax, 290025F5h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0F488C73Ch
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 198D5814h
xor     eax, 67906F12h
xor     eax, 0BFB73289h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 3AC9D878h
sub     eax, 54AC02DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A49DBE96h
sub     eax, 4A836BFAh
not     eax
add     eax, 3B71554Fh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 21B42E4Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F201E324h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0DBFA6799h
sub     eax, 87285ADAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 698A97BEh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 60C40D9Fh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 3737F0BDh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F05AEB60h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2C8BAACEh
add     eax, 861DBF89h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 4DCEDF5Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 7253361Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F93438B8h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9815700Ah
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 556FFE9Ah
add     eax, 558A7694h
sub     eax, 38D7617Ch
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 4ED195BCh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 530E4258h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B8D0D8D1h
xor     eax, 25D643B9h
sub     eax, 898E31B1h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 9952F6B2h
xor     eax, 0EABE8959h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 6B19299Bh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0FCA45B2Eh
xor     eax, 2AF51699h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 80E2F705h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0B48EA397h
xor     eax, 7CA20F1Ah
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 373039D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 8C9269C5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 45A5D621h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 1B8B6558h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6F67489Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 59041560h
xor     eax, 9A263957h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0BB561895h
xor     eax, 39F84A9Dh
xor     eax, 0C5D15519h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 56CA2E4Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 36D25193h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 40BD9767h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 5B0BE78Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 6DEDCCF7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6B917F8Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 97F569FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B91F73F7h
xor     eax, 84B524DEh
sub     eax, 0CA087EA6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6B3AC81Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 76E6CAFCh
xor     eax, 0D4B0B229h
xor     eax, 9D4CE94Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 2D6F5905h
xor     eax, 46765208h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 81128F78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7F983E80h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 7843641Bh
xor     eax, 50D5E647h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A68F4116h
xor     eax, 325AD73Eh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0ED209A1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 7D781CF5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 94D1AA8Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 14E9A4FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 27784CC5h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 2A2A1286h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 4CB72480h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 999EFA10h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E62FA247h
xor     eax, 0C80DF1A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 986EF81Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F8CB1A5Bh
add     eax, 0DA125B2Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0F2347130h
not     eax
xor     eax, 713D88A6h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8A695554h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 814586CAh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 659D28B5h
xor     eax, 0DCDA55A0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 949E4D99h
xor     eax, 0B65585AAh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1D3F195Ah
sub     eax, 1D9D9412h
sub     eax, 2C25296Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B4A1A36Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0C45DBDD8h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 8EB5DFC9h
sub     eax, 886F8049h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0F79AB2E7h
sub     eax, 5A7C2520h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 88030241h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 59098F98h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9C1D9FBDh
add     eax, 0F5E855BEh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 4C26A68Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 645172E3h
sub     eax, 3667BC05h
add     eax, 85F77366h
sub     eax, 11C2ACA7h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F223854Bh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 2E247C23h
sub     eax, 25086CCBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 657543F3h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DE6298E1h
add     eax, 1E986655h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 302746C4h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D0DFFC0h
xor     eax, 0B1417AC6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 9E301272h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 28033CFFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 106DBF24h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BD36F4B7h
add     eax, 0CBFC4F8Fh
sub     eax, 565BEECCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FB6F1537h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0FEB878F9h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 1FCE4BA8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C26E7F99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 45C3025Eh
add     eax, 0D34EA417h
add     eax, 0A2AA209Bh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 228D167Bh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0B202892Dh
sub     eax, 0B7AEEAB0h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0F3BF709Fh
xor     eax, 85AF1C73h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 5B1C66BEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 76CA150Bh
add     eax, 8D1B45C9h
add     eax, 465E98D8h
not     eax
add     eax, 5314712Dh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 56AB7CAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1C5639FEh
xor     eax, 85B40E69h
xor     eax, 8CA7BC0Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6E888642h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E02A0426h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FD6E5A8Ah
xor     eax, 1100AE8Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7431981Bh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 837C1CF1h
sub     eax, 1EE61F5Ah
add     eax, 1C6E8E59h
sub     eax, 4141F73Ch
xor     eax, 0FA6F79A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3FDCA931h
not     eax
xor     eax, 34EBF4FFh
xor     eax, 0B2794FB3h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 6516D7E7h
add     eax, 1C69A56Fh
xor     eax, 0E3A7DDF6h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 92E677F4h
sub     eax, 6EAC4154h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 4272209Dh
sub     eax, 1AF1A6FFh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0D6A5B58Ch
sub     eax, 51E54ABEh
add     eax, 31BC17E7h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CF798C21h
sub     eax, 56344F83h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5953648Ah
add     eax, 0FBEECF39h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E6B267BFh
sub     eax, 7549D001h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 17BB4A1Ah
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 340707D9h
add     eax, 0FCE08DE4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0E868B155h
add     eax, 23D951B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A780E4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6DF5AD33h
xor     eax, 0B79A4D20h
add     eax, 5CC094DEh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0AE2D3357h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 28E46A97h
add     eax, 0C5D366E0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0AFD14A7Fh
sub     eax, 6E96662Fh
xor     eax, 4439EB09h
xor     eax, 97E10F94h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5A0C9BF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 5A005512h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 53022A85h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CF8205AFh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 51A82242h
add     eax, 6FDC7FB9h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 246A2D9Ah
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0C8841F85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E8411432h
sub     eax, 6D90ADCCh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 7F1646A1h
not     eax
add     eax, 66EF4C6Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 5707573Fh
add     eax, 1ADB1EC2h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0D410D517h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E081BCE7h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 478FBCA3h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0A7CF1342h
sub     eax, 0D115946Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8CA78373h
add     eax, 6E29D3A1h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 18B5E38Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6A8511A6h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 6A3F0910h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B786B4C4h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 3EF73A77h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 46D1B594h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0BC15EC6Ah
sub     eax, 5D5BCDC2h
sub     eax, 0A8CAFFD5h
sub     eax, 0D2048D8Dh
sub     eax, 7CCE7C2Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 9FED05E6h
add     eax, 0EDD2A6A1h
sub     eax, 2F3A3AB1h
add     eax, 0C803507Dh
sub     eax, 3ECC8CBEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 22A3B560h
sub     eax, 2B666D3Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0A71C11D6h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5B119A98h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0E7D89214h
xor     eax, 71FB91BCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EFC626F5h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 8013C819h
xor     eax, 0C4AEEB8Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2DA66C7Fh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B72B7EA8h
add     eax, 0B1E3299Ah
sub     eax, 0BD22216Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DF9550C1h
xor     eax, 70984437h
sub     eax, 1D1950F2h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 98CF385Fh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 92627ED3h
xor     eax, 592F9679h
add     eax, 36E4B6C9h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F3A18DD8h
sub     eax, 3859FB7Eh
add     eax, 5AC298D7h
add     eax, 0D85C066Ch
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 9AD66D34h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BDD4B0CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4434DA83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FF870A99h
sub     eax, 8AE6CDC3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E7BA8271h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 325ADD43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EC728DEEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E0783522h
add     eax, 73A5D125h
sub     eax, 94276872h
xor     eax, 0F09F1796h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0A0598F0Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1B6992B0h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 844DBC4Bh
xor     eax, 0A418BA23h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 82053317h
sub     eax, 55036432h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BBCBE08Eh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1F3EF124h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D3CC85F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 9A5C42F3h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0E94368E1h
sub     eax, 0E89BF983h
add     eax, 4E476585h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 35B7DC9Bh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 951A7FA7h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3981FA4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B626D99h
sub     eax, 0E85D3107h
add     eax, 45A1BF77h
xor     eax, 7F5687C4h
sub     eax, 8D911180h
sub     eax, 5EC78C97h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ED641DDEh
not     eax
add     eax, 856C276Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 14AC97CBh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 303359CBh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 78503955h
add     eax, 0D543CDC8h
add     eax, 0E1978943h
sub     eax, 0FA623188h
not     eax
add     eax, 9F60F0F5h
xor     eax, 8CCCC57Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 172D92DCh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0A73CD072h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0C46744B7h
sub     eax, 2543C2CAh
add     eax, 0C8488B35h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2CF4F9FCh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5AB4F71Eh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 4ECDE44Dh
xor     eax, 4192E609h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 14B7D8A2h
sub     eax, 76E0D5F0h
xor     eax, 4BB95EFAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0D968D0E3h
sub     eax, 0FFAED66Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 11F3005Ah
xor     eax, 43A9464Ch
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0A1C538A9h
xor     eax, 87639FFFh
xor     eax, 3E6F8EADh
sub     eax, 54B5CE1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 73F16F10h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 9B4A6EAFh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 312B8F7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7361DF35h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DB57D9F7h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 392D3CB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 59EEBC6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5D4FDC3Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 64426AC3h
add     eax, 6BA1E588h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 3126C9F1h
not     eax
add     eax, 6CBB9427h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5E811965h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0FCAB3207h
sub     eax, 0C091EF73h
xor     eax, 8663DCE5h
sub     eax, 99E35B34h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 95722716h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 73E92A55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 78B83C64h
sub     eax, 3ED071B7h
sub     eax, 91F8849Ch
add     eax, 416A3B93h
sub     eax, 0E7E9361Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 2589BCABh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0AFD96A16h
xor     eax, 4DA22F42h
sub     eax, 8F57725Ch
add     eax, 0F905A0DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B02EE800h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 705006E2h
sub     eax, 0BF0B7907h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 71AC04B5h
xor     eax, 0B11CB91Dh
sub     eax, 0CF0B1BB8h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 863E3BCDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B29EA10Ah
add     eax, 0BBB65563h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B7F3417Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 88997E2Eh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 28B32068h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0A65785F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2732071Dh
sub     eax, 0AE00D3DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 2242FF9Fh
xor     eax, 10B8F19Ah
add     eax, 1B53E7B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F783EBE3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 855E5548h
xor     eax, 0FD9171E8h
sub     eax, 0D9EBE072h
add     eax, 0A94B30B2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 105D3F77h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2AF4BCCAh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 9715AB6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 11C1D986h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F77A6CF2h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 28D501C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CF63246Ah
xor     eax, 35FB94E9h
add     eax, 29726DB0h
sub     eax, 0BCF3549Eh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0E2C1A5C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AFEB5775h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 79A77AAEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 126D00AEh
sub     eax, 56EBCE31h
sub     eax, 16B88AA9h
xor     eax, 734BB87Ch
add     eax, 881034C2h
add     eax, 410DB9ECh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 92FA9AF5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB092174h
sub     eax, 1316AC73h
add     eax, 0CEC92F97h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 92C11187h
sub     eax, 432A356Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 18D7F685h
add     eax, 19B4E346h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FCCDA441h
xor     eax, 83435A5Eh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 48252889h
xor     eax, 0DE960AAEh
sub     eax, 22056AA9h
add     eax, 0DC843C8Ah
xor     eax, 0CAECB28Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1C85869Dh
xor     eax, 0BFB43FEFh
xor     eax, 0DC76C94Bh
add     eax, 30D66EEBh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 1F4CDC0Eh
sub     eax, 89319CC3h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0E78346E9h
add     eax, 5A40EB50h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 29777773h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 698ACF33h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 1F9F8381h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7D61E860h
add     eax, 91856AB1h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0A1618A50h
xor     eax, 761B76E3h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 3C102D28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7430F83Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C3A4A925h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2F97AEFDh
sub     eax, 8BFC9F7Bh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 170681A3h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 7769F6EEh
sub     eax, 618EF7ABh
add     eax, 0B5071A42h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 307ED992h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0AE4C33AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 9D87A3A8h
add     eax, 62264BDCh
add     eax, 4387A3ADh
sub     eax, 72B0B75Ch
sub     eax, 1A2698ABh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CB79588Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 79F1FF30h
sub     eax, 5A14B61Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 9A93E0CDh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0C87959C0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 972C59D9h
sub     eax, 7ADD9415h
not     eax
xor     eax, 62C806EFh
not     eax
add     eax, 28F99137h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0DB8F18DDh
sub     eax, 1FA27AFBh
add     eax, 83FD4B3Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2AEE9B6Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6D0E2214h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 96EB661Dh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 2D3F33F4h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 6FD562A2h
xor     eax, 0F0D91B09h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 7D89EA6Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 3139D243h
sub     eax, 52B6D72Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 343076D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 154BE6CEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6BD64F88h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0EACF6364h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 13521767h
add     eax, 4716B7D7h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 84AF838Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 5A6C14C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FEC2AEF7h
sub     eax, 86A3F272h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 270481A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F718EA09h
add     eax, 15691C51h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 5FD0FDBAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0B3ABD84Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 5C0C9383h
add     eax, 7085BC24h
sub     eax, 45885A5Ah
sub     eax, 0E3018CCCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 84B05619h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0AC4DD42Dh
sub     eax, 0F20518F8h
add     eax, 0CF8EC129h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3D09C88Ch
xor     eax, 23F3FAF1h
xor     eax, 9F49BC17h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0C4B65F02h
xor     eax, 0CBB34353h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 6473A928h
add     eax, 0F144EFADh
sub     eax, 4BBFEBADh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0E853C4BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0AF5FA46Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DD7C0745h
xor     eax, 0EDDDD309h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0C05E30CAh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 9887359Bh
sub     eax, 0C0DBD37Fh
add     eax, 0FDF98999h
xor     eax, 0FEF1E129h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 6E025C2Ah
xor     eax, 81091204h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A80E9293h
xor     eax, 7E9783E9h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5458E155h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6C0F260Ch
xor     eax, 90C19CB2h
xor     eax, 0BF53A52Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 4698F80Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 96F6FF93h
add     eax, 6478E2D5h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CFFE7127h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6A88BF3Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 33EDA019h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0F8AC6B53h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 82343CCCh
xor     eax, 36D0B68Eh
sub     eax, 7D398643h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 77B906F1h
sub     eax, 0CF6D9CF3h
xor     eax, 77FD8284h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E9F36133h
xor     eax, 101A3C6Fh
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 2153C01Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6F7B2F00h
sub     eax, 896B5E6Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0C1E5E867h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 9480A122h
xor     eax, 78978E2Ah
sub     eax, 0E0236841h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 14E89A73h
add     eax, 3EF2A3A0h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 78985112h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C7B71EF9h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 542AF5D6h
sub     eax, 1044E76Dh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 4BB9FD4Ch
add     eax, 0B03E5146h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0AB4F5182h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C6C96E5Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0FE44D6D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D2620351h
sub     eax, 8E58F0F6h
not     eax
add     eax, 12141BF4h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 510CB89Eh
add     eax, 874E1329h
sub     eax, 1D2B520Eh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 66461C91h
add     eax, 0CDC15B38h
sub     eax, 0F42C3932h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0F822A109h
sub     eax, 45365635h
sub     eax, 67DBDFD9h
add     eax, 6FA9AEA9h
add     eax, 7A2C29CFh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 936E2A7Ch
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 2DCF3F7Bh
xor     eax, 0A2D1DB61h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9DE3F731h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 2682A703h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 3A81D072h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 73E89D0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 40C5B5B8h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0B64D8F37h
xor     eax, 473EA21Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7CAA2735h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1A348490h
sub     eax, 0DFAD726Bh
add     eax, 0A0A38E1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4010C5D4h
xor     eax, 22556531h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 68C9CDF7h
sub     eax, 367D25D4h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 41EF54E8h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 7ADFFD82h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 1B8FE1FCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A593AE6Dh
add     eax, 0E9DDE64Bh
add     eax, 80A3EDE1h
add     eax, 7663B20Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 4EAB0AB4h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 53923543h
xor     eax, 823738ADh
add     eax, 0F1243344h
sub     eax, 61737757h
xor     eax, 0C1EE0E11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E08FCECh
not     eax
add     eax, 8BD706F7h
sub     eax, 509E94D7h
add     eax, 64AB2485h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2E57CAF8h
sub     eax, 6DA893ABh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 56DC94D1h
sub     eax, 318E6E11h
add     eax, 73BB2B7Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FA066D6Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0EC5F45E3h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 8F633B43h
xor     eax, 32B7263Fh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 83A15EE3h
add     eax, 0E2A5661Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 45148E6Fh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 15914FAAh
add     eax, 47D25184h
xor     eax, 0CC5EDD3Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 94AD69FBh
xor     eax, 727D282Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 47158873h
add     eax, 0B201678Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 7AD6850Bh
add     eax, 0B10D2FB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7C11BAF9h
sub     eax, 6CA30B03h
xor     eax, 0B280B002h
add     eax, 0B611397Bh
sub     eax, 309C50A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E5278056h
add     eax, 7080B7B3h
xor     eax, 0DE87D6E7h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 48DB5041h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 4E97FF3Dh
sub     eax, 61728F8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ED34B17Fh
sub     eax, 4E690DFEh
add     eax, 904D4574h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9E7A6E5Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 15B59E33h
sub     eax, 0F6C6A7C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 76141198h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 225CEB46h
xor     eax, 0CC077568h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C1A273BFh
xor     eax, 82F57024h
add     eax, 4B08812Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 9C05001Ch
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A26F7AD2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 38FFE029h
xor     eax, 14861128h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0FC5EE279h
xor     eax, 0CE034F63h
xor     eax, 7033877Dh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0EB6BA958h
xor     eax, 28AD4D69h
xor     eax, 0D70A66A0h
xor     eax, 326455F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FD12FC7Eh
sub     eax, 68E27C9Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 13C3F02Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FC8E0A5Bh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C9477E4Bh
xor     eax, 0CA5CFBE3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FF1AC30Fh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 5F9DB0AAh
add     eax, 0A4308296h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0DA5FE145h
add     eax, 68DEF967h
xor     eax, 0CDBFDBC9h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0C7E80AFAh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E27A5639h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3E7B5FC3h
sub     eax, 6A67E9AEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A76CA326h
xor     eax, 2272A466h
sub     eax, 9BF9EEFFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7764C301h
sub     eax, 47A08921h
xor     eax, 0A3DB5EBAh
sub     eax, 0AD04B0B8h
sub     eax, 0E8FB8B43h
add     eax, 7666786Dh
add     eax, 5A47C101h
not     eax
add     eax, 359F6D63h
add     eax, 9D530295h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 92A3D453h
add     eax, 3154452Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 44FA1F7Ch
sub     eax, 1A244170h
add     eax, 0F2C64326h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 260640B2h
xor     eax, 466361FAh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 51C4B5BEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FEB8A7A2h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EE026262h
xor     eax, 413FFA19h
add     eax, 0C4C200E5h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0C11B731Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 50AE612Ah
xor     eax, 758A6D59h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8F9AC417h
xor     eax, 9034E86Fh
sub     eax, 0BDCDF731h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C4B7503Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 91D74872h
add     eax, 186FD8B7h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A8AF79B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0F028DC29h
add     eax, 0A3EE926Ah
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 30A2FF25h
xor     eax, 0B6F050FCh
add     eax, 0AD24C565h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0A19157D4h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CCAC6170h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 8BDEA1A6h
xor     eax, 3F6879DDh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 135345F2h
add     eax, 0B1721378h
xor     eax, 0B810E7A2h
sub     eax, 230DDC7Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0EB93F241h
xor     eax, 0F1082F2Bh
add     eax, 55F075F4h
xor     eax, 1D033397h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 114D48BDh
add     eax, 79C3A44Bh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 4C4A00EFh
add     eax, 0A95F45A1h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 3C35D958h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 2F95ABF6h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0B3B41A40h
add     eax, 9EC812D2h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0E719D9B6h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0B95E7233h
sub     eax, 0C129F484h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F63BF3E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 81B2F81Eh
sub     eax, 38BC1D77h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4D85531Dh
sub     eax, 0C2AB45D5h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 94C7A679h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0EFFF6A2Eh
add     eax, 0DB446158h
sub     eax, 0C2A0E5A0h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 9482B3DDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1BB0A5A6h
xor     eax, 0B3952B86h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B85A1368h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 822717D9h
xor     eax, 0AE957269h
not     eax
xor     eax, 13626D0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 799E8FE3h
add     eax, 8CB5619Ah
sub     eax, 4B6C4270h
add     eax, 0E42C8875h
xor     eax, 2699BC9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AC3E3926h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9ACA3EDAh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0BA5CC078h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E1212100h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0ADA588E5h
sub     eax, 0D5798364h
add     eax, 43EAC208h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F4AD1D80h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0EBF6E9E9h
xor     eax, 16086E65h
add     eax, 0A6147BE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FBD6A82Eh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 7BD4184Bh
add     eax, 81FC6221h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0FD417462h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 402A5405h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 7BA02CBDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E3A213CFh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F6D20D3Dh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 8AB5ED7Fh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 619515B2h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 710BCCDBh
xor     eax, 0A7CA4AAAh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0BDD29718h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 30D66936h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0A4EBEDBEh
not     eax
add     eax, 907547C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D9846D57h
add     eax, 2CC5F6FBh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0F8FAC952h
sub     eax, 81AFF592h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0D6A0C614h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B600B0D4h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E2C7AADEh
add     eax, 0A21CC000h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 85A6CFB8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B5637191h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F695A428h
add     eax, 45C62B91h
add     eax, 0E6FF75E5h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C358725Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0B73C1B35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C7B130ECh
add     eax, 3C74A012h
xor     eax, 0A5619C4Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3B80BA4Dh
sub     eax, 3ADA6179h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0D6CEFEFAh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 828D3CB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0C5CF5AAAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 913B7B0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3A2C305Bh
xor     eax, 9F8D2831h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0BABD5AA3h
xor     eax, 0F9A7B9D8h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1D9AC9C2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AE63DCE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 3C754115h
xor     eax, 5B29CBEEh
sub     eax, 842F8857h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 17C3751Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 6D1F0322h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 6B1D29E0h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 53001FB5h
add     eax, 46A8300Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 832A9D48h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 4D842A50h
add     eax, 3E5BAC26h
xor     eax, 5044804Bh
add     eax, 75D0D4C6h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 934BCC6Dh
add     eax, 587B1FFDh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9C755688h
sub     eax, 68A97696h
xor     eax, 48A9D275h
add     eax, 11B88A11h
not     eax
add     eax, 35DFCA7Ah
xor     eax, 95721FDFh
add     eax, 1A8B85B0h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 25723EF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 22E2BDDEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0A1EB196Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0CF54EF55h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5C465FB0h
add     eax, 0A3B12DC9h
add     eax, 0DEA1E8FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 89BEC907h
add     eax, 0A42BE866h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3F6CBEA3h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 5760E7EDh
xor     eax, 0D2338BF2h
add     eax, 0EFCCB7D7h
add     eax, 0FBA1CAC9h
sub     eax, 9363B66Fh
xor     eax, 3F4E8FBDh
xor     eax, 6C7A1EC0h
xor     eax, 5AC9D06Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 8FE4EEE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DC50399Eh
xor     eax, 0A42EAE7Bh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 3A20A5B1h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F66F95FBh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F50C1CE2h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 9B2FC250h
xor     eax, 33A2A9A2h
sub     eax, 58F85627h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0E704C48Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 762F8D33h
sub     eax, 1A55ED6Fh
add     eax, 463BBDF1h
xor     eax, 4FEAB082h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 10163101h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 71137A63h
xor     eax, 7FCD6660h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0A2F08039h
sub     eax, 0EBE58395h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0F43F021Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0C1A8D85Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0B9479C9Bh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0C20D8619h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0AE18BB04h
xor     eax, 0C48641A4h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 170FEB81h
add     eax, 6237FB31h
add     eax, 60B81985h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 0FC13B5AAh
xor     eax, 0CDAB81A4h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 3AD377E7h
add     eax, 0C642D652h
sub     eax, 4D13571Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0E36827E3h
sub     eax, 0BAE5FFC2h
sub     eax, 200ED043h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 11671C8Dh
sub     eax, 7F580C97h
add     eax, 0A381A094h
sub     eax, 0F83D41E5h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E79B41CDh
add     eax, 58F8C97Ah
sub     eax, 0F6CE1639h
xor     eax, 1A903D21h
xor     eax, 869883D5h
add     eax, 5E69B85Fh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5A967D93h
add     eax, 0C99DC89Ch
sub     eax, 86F6DCA9h
add     eax, 0E26A487Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C6FF45E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 91BA2804h
sub     eax, 0AC022A79h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0ED911400h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 34DB2EA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2CA47DBAh
xor     eax, 0D1847F16h
sub     eax, 2F0C8EAFh
xor     eax, 0FEB236A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4E9A7FC6h
sub     eax, 0FF506E65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4E557F44h
xor     eax, 0A396AA49h
add     eax, 0ECD3CD5Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 98B32520h
sub     eax, 992B40EEh
xor     eax, 0F0F38E7Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0BA19FF9Dh
add     eax, 0A89E65A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9C5A2B1Bh
sub     eax, 432F590Ch
add     eax, 0ADD29C1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D8BA4EE5h
sub     eax, 8FE115F6h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0B801F091h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 8339F9F8h
add     eax, 73B3763Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6340CFBAh
add     eax, 12A4ACB3h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 1A532A94h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E4BFCE2Bh
sub     eax, 0FBF74435h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 7129EECAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 975570C6h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0CE194220h
not     eax
xor     eax, 630309EBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 9BC305CCh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 2D765897h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 70DAF270h
add     eax, 0D0AD4EF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6F132080h
xor     eax, 0F84C19B3h
xor     eax, 4E6EBEEFh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 6B01C8C0h
xor     eax, 7C4188CBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 43C51E39h
xor     eax, 686BDA13h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 1F859C0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 31CFA037h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 1B99527Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 8169192Fh
xor     eax, 1C67C9DBh
add     eax, 0EFA16B2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3BAF3E64h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0B057DF9Bh
add     eax, 55654109h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 5CB1FB80h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7203BAAFh
xor     eax, 1E1BF391h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0DE680CBBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 89265161h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 1600BE5Bh
add     eax, 0DA043C14h
add     eax, 96F20129h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0FF42F4B3h
sub     eax, 6231B8FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 383A905Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 542DDF56h
xor     eax, 0E9400404h
not     eax
add     eax, 69286480h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 1D417017h
add     eax, 3241A2ADh
add     eax, 2E88241Ah
xor     eax, 0EBC0DF7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D22D3EC4h
xor     eax, 93B8D11Ah
sub     eax, 0FA6E2714h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0F86150C9h
sub     eax, 3EA4BCD7h
xor     eax, 7E056A7Ch
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 26FF6D0Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 6CE94245h
sub     eax, 0B7EAF71Bh
add     eax, 13A2E9A8h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AB959206h
add     eax, 53A543C1h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 1416087Fh
sub     eax, 6A520D75h
sub     eax, 3AA8A107h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5E4ECD32h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7C184A32h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 847FCBCEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 3DF97DF3h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 59A12A26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9868E9BEh
add     eax, 0AEA2DFD5h
xor     eax, 27E214E2h
sub     eax, 499609ADh
xor     eax, 8CAC726Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 43EFB0F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0F63028ABh
xor     eax, 98571D6Fh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 320C7EA2h
xor     eax, 0D8509A11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6688B973h
sub     eax, 0DF52B93Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 5420CDE1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E0214153h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FB06750Ch
sub     eax, 27AA3F3Bh
add     eax, 54007835h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 9122F544h
sub     eax, 6296C84Fh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 6897B83Fh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0FCC0CE50h
sub     eax, 4E418F2Bh
sub     eax, 32F9B706h
add     eax, 41B9DA8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 899770FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4A3194EDh
add     eax, 3C81562Bh
xor     eax, 313B8ED5h
add     eax, 83CB2807h
add     eax, 89558F36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1980DBDDh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2D3AB194h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 97CDC428h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A3EA4DA5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 68D6E1ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 31A4DC61h
sub     eax, 23C6718Dh
sub     eax, 0E04B2E89h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0EF6FE539h
not     eax
sub     eax, 908FAB7Dh
xor     eax, 6C66B51Fh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0FD7A32EDh
xor     eax, 0E1534181h
add     eax, 0D753A537h
add     eax, 29719E33h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A0DDE804h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E1FE5700h
xor     eax, 0CF02EBF2h
xor     eax, 0BE15A07Eh
sub     eax, 4AA17E33h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 6335946Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 109A03B7h
xor     eax, 0A3FE7FA9h
xor     eax, 0D86624CEh
sub     eax, 0A54813A6h
add     eax, 0AB39A3FAh
xor     eax, 3D8DD703h
xor     eax, 2B111E5Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0E83E3CD2h
xor     eax, 0C20517B7h
sub     eax, 0C1689F10h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9149BF8Bh
xor     eax, 0DC4BC3FBh
add     eax, 97E30A4Bh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AA0C9EBDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 79A55CD9h
add     eax, 0FD339517h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 26EF5BF2h
not     eax
add     eax, 5E7DFB36h
xor     eax, 0C95D76EBh
add     eax, 2245666Ch
sub     eax, 7C39CD0Fh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0F8F8D86Dh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0E9C7184Ah
sub     eax, 109D247Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EF1C921Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 9F78DBD8h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 37C6EDF7h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0C4D3FB5Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 86DFC686h
sub     eax, 14A7C014h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4AB1E801h
add     eax, 79DB7700h
add     eax, 0CDDFD3D9h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 27ECF779h
xor     eax, 0FA8414E3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AE422455h
sub     eax, 0B1C50BE1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 3BADFE8Dh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 29A3F645h
add     eax, 0C417F371h
sub     eax, 0E67D585Eh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 6465CF69h
add     eax, 74DF5F56h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 4FE23EF2h
add     eax, 5D816E35h
sub     eax, 2E6A2017h
add     eax, 0BCBD84D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 74D874B2h
add     eax, 8E29270Eh
add     eax, 4F046999h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 8488438Bh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 56A11E4Eh
xor     eax, 0B7E8F157h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3D96B865h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0FB1E0951h
add     eax, 6B9A7596h
add     eax, 88D33EE9h
add     eax, 7AC84625h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5AE2BEF1h
xor     eax, 13F468F1h
add     eax, 0D0ED9473h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B69EF533h
sub     eax, 2AA7B0A2h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 5F1BC39Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 38859B05h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3F46802Dh
sub     eax, 5FC5D810h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 83C63878h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 8B76CCF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EC566CB0h
sub     eax, 0CF45FE93h
xor     eax, 0AEC04211h
add     eax, 7C797471h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0CED33795h
add     eax, 887D8EDFh
add     eax, 0A2F48CF6h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0E63277B1h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 75192EB9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CAC25205h
add     eax, 0F755EE19h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 91A3BA3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0DAEA9B9Ch
sub     eax, 14AEA443h
sub     eax, 0FDD85F85h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 434CB557h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2B56FCE0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5701D1FDh
xor     eax, 0E3FEE014h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8734AA92h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 8DB16DBBh
sub     eax, 603DD25Ch
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0A2F17D81h
xor     eax, 8696A139h
add     eax, 714F7348h
xor     eax, 0ED1780FEh
xor     eax, 2689691Dh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 1C30B525h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 968F07EBh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 6A65602Ch
add     eax, 70524295h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 275F96B7h
not     eax
add     eax, 5F57E128h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 2E88F233h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 4FBD803Bh
sub     eax, 0EC47A061h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0D9A4C03Ch
sub     eax, 260E07CAh
xor     eax, 0CE544F2Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6CCE63D5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E569F55Dh
sub     eax, 2C83EA83h
add     eax, 61161652h
sub     eax, 6FA67ACEh
sub     eax, 0FC27B26Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 267CA685h
sub     eax, 553413C9h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 963991C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4939F759h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A4BAF8F8h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0DAACFB7Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 7A366E53h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DA7F1674h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 628E4AA2h
xor     eax, 0D7BEA24Dh
sub     eax, 0EF587612h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6D54C2F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 2604EF43h
not     eax
add     eax, 4C4DF5CFh
xor     eax, 8FAE7F09h
xor     eax, 4E0CD77Ch
add     eax, 456A53C4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 293CCB26h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0D9CB1F2Bh
sub     eax, 8A0D31EAh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E0C933C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6E0C9B68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2DE94D02h
xor     eax, 74ADA397h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CFCE320Eh
xor     eax, 65833EBFh
not     eax
add     eax, 5304B121h
add     eax, 0B838BFB2h
xor     eax, 90207FF6h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 277F0C8Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 51566811h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0B93AE1C9h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 78E2EB86h
add     eax, 0B16C78C6h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EDB1476Fh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 2A6584B6h
not     eax
add     eax, 8743A620h
add     eax, 3733E658h
sub     eax, 0E3B04333h
sub     eax, 134C1DF6h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 8B1D7C99h
sub     eax, 0E6BE12F1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 557267A2h
xor     eax, 0BC813055h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B6E574ACh
xor     eax, 5737A541h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 4E92B9F3h
add     eax, 3BA2480Fh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0A028BB68h
sub     eax, 42461D68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F65B5691h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 8DF21750h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8DBF0A3Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D7F64F0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 39C31965h
sub     eax, 0BF61F289h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 3AA48446h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 18E2FBBAh
xor     eax, 81A4C58Dh
xor     eax, 3907E8B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AB8C40EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9D113430h
xor     eax, 0D92633D5h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B1A3F2A3h
add     eax, 39A92EDBh
add     eax, 2D5EFA5Eh
xor     eax, 24B4F932h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 786698DBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CE84B61Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EE610E9Ah
xor     eax, 4CD4BA8Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B8B1C297h
add     eax, 2069EFFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0F1E17530h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 634B311Dh
xor     eax, 0E0CBD8F6h
add     eax, 0F746D5B9h
xor     eax, 3F71E71Bh
sub     eax, 135E46F0h
sub     eax, 1AC0359Bh
add     eax, 67B32881h
xor     eax, 0E0C5695Eh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9DA4CCADh
xor     eax, 8DC10A04h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9497F08Dh
xor     eax, 2301B088h
not     eax
xor     eax, 64D8E1EEh
add     eax, 385E059Dh
xor     eax, 5E2774B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 72AF5432h
add     eax, 1B0DA221h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 312D79BCh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DFA66D5Bh
add     eax, 103DB4D7h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F61AE7F1h
xor     eax, 110F03FFh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F8BF46F7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 2EF4505Eh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0A2E362BFh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F768547Ch
sub     eax, 0C79D319Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0A1FB5951h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0FC1961CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0BE7A8435h
xor     eax, 0F1733B4Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 3D42CF71h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0FF71EF5Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 199D6DF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 93A9A923h
sub     eax, 2F5AF7E6h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 446C4684h
not     eax
xor     eax, 595730F9h
sub     eax, 0B35E5C12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9D1C153Fh
xor     eax, 0F95AD212h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0AB8B6CADh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8A67A2D0h
xor     eax, 0EB6756C0h
xor     eax, 0B88C9D9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0B0181E67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AFADF7D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 65807DB7h
xor     eax, 0DC5485F7h
add     eax, 0EDE09D05h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9995AA1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F9A0BC2Fh
sub     eax, 3EFE91DCh
sub     eax, 0D39B73F1h
sub     eax, 82FB195Ah
xor     eax, 0DF8253AAh
sub     eax, 9D4C65E7h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0DF5C9FFFh
add     eax, 4AA463A8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 5B6FC581h
sub     eax, 0F585952Eh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 109DA015h
add     eax, 6F2D0526h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 997397DFh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0CEB97AF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C737E5C0h
sub     eax, 45656521h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 6C507A9Ch
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 71F8C16Fh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 49F8DAC3h
add     eax, 6B9F9D2Dh
sub     eax, 0FCEEF7BBh
add     eax, 72B817F7h
sub     eax, 0B294231Ch
xor     eax, 0FE6F32C2h
xor     eax, 0E91D5117h
xor     eax, 0B18E0DA5h
add     eax, 773A17F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 40C1AEDFh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D00AAB39h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9DDBE264h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0DFED6510h
xor     eax, 5A3CEE9Dh
add     eax, 0D36F35E5h
add     eax, 0AAFC8C6Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DF8C8167h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D1ACC602h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 880EC014h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 7C0145CFh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 5B2F28B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0B52E6B21h
xor     eax, 2047C4C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0A35E1819h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0A6855B3Bh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 6CC6F4DEh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 4B91A793h
add     eax, 702FD10Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 33F1D527h
xor     eax, 0CFAC6A22h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 744D5374h
sub     eax, 0D7D8DC17h
add     eax, 7B39FC87h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6AF6705Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 229F6E6Ch
sub     eax, 83629A60h
xor     eax, 6354B4EBh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 401E133Bh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C6E60EE4h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 898A2DA4h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 37F45C78h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C22FC79Ch
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0ACEE145Fh
sub     eax, 0E5139F73h
sub     eax, 0FB04C694h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 8C066D7Bh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0CD5A7DC0h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 8C810AA9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 80333FBCh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0F4677AA7h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0D6A07C80h
sub     eax, 5B568293h
xor     eax, 5568DFF3h
sub     eax, 8B27512Dh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 8354794Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 2309F1ABh
sub     eax, 1972A333h
xor     eax, 5EBB211Fh
sub     eax, 7839A4B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FE35F9AFh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0F672D026h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 352C9DDDh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 641C7292h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6020DCB4h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 3D70996Ah
xor     eax, 0AFA3F546h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0D328547Eh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 4F37D3BDh
sub     eax, 9A95D0B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4E3707E6h
sub     eax, 0F2A8B945h
xor     eax, 0D2595A4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 25B6E65Fh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1866D602h
xor     eax, 78F3EEEFh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C143BA5h
xor     eax, 199E8678h
xor     eax, 38C70263h
add     eax, 82ECCF3Ah
sub     eax, 50A7CBF9h
sub     eax, 0DA0C019Eh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 70F0EC75h
xor     eax, 22D32A7Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0B541040Ah
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 34928841h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E32FA36Dh
xor     eax, 39466FD6h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E45ADECCh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 1680D56Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A6B77D2Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1F39761Bh
xor     eax, 0D5D98D99h
xor     eax, 21D50D33h
sub     eax, 7C98DF1Bh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 566C04E1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C23C179Eh
sub     eax, 0E3DA6D40h
add     eax, 782C50D9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 80327C71h
sub     eax, 0E3E9E421h
add     eax, 0F3ADE6A5h
xor     eax, 364AE339h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 6810CDACh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DDC82697h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0A28469ECh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 51DCD6D2h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A60D4FFDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0E994D21Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 110E73F5h
xor     eax, 81442D04h
sub     eax, 907D4389h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 39B85446h
xor     eax, 41617878h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8883DF0Dh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5E2EABCCh
xor     eax, 10713F74h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9A96D28Ah
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A11C8D5Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 851BF8D9h
xor     eax, 0C0850979h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EB808961h
sub     eax, 6F8FFC2Fh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0A00447B6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 60E7CE3Ah
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0D2081B52h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 3D0BF3C6h
add     eax, 0BAE26DA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C4A39FA7h
add     eax, 14907892h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0C2874774h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 97CA14E0h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 54C229D3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E78E9121h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D076DA9Eh
sub     eax, 91382741h
sub     eax, 0ECE6717Dh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 29CAE296h
xor     eax, 5037FA1Eh
add     eax, 4DBB62C4h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0B139A51Dh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0A7A2C88Ah
xor     eax, 0C207B311h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0D6C2AA3Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 21060C1Eh
add     eax, 204F2FD7h
xor     eax, 719EBAADh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6A06C002h
not     eax
xor     eax, 21BF2CB6h
xor     eax, 579D8BB7h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0E6232EC7h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0F27CF1C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7A4B8456h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 61A062FDh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1D8F8B63h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F853AB1Dh
add     eax, 950DA0A0h
sub     eax, 3BF621EAh
xor     eax, 0AA354C62h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 69C8FBA0h
sub     eax, 81174BEAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B69A83A8h
xor     eax, 8834F9B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B012036Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 62CC7BCCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 85CCF1C9h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 17FE2291h
xor     eax, 6F281508h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9B0F4C64h
add     eax, 320D03E7h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 7679C4E7h
xor     eax, 1993C1CCh
sub     eax, 0A7707DB5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0C0C15608h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 84DFFA01h
xor     eax, 25A999CBh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 534C7EFCh
sub     eax, 54882176h
sub     eax, 871FF6F1h
sub     eax, 0D549A62Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 95BE2C40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9F2EFE41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E974AEE3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 307C2ABDh
xor     eax, 0E3ADD9D9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 592B1CEBh
add     eax, 693A08C6h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0B56CB77Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0FB842013h
xor     eax, 1161E18Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 506F7069h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 37C0D8CDh
sub     eax, 55AD5B39h
add     eax, 3B090F8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 984E9B66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 74D4103Ch
xor     eax, 899C673Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 3A499A48h
add     eax, 3AA9D0C3h
sub     eax, 0B8B3F656h
xor     eax, 0CBA18891h
xor     eax, 0CE380826h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0ABD8BF91h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 39F023C6h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16306D74h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E819F1EAh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 9C258B89h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D1A7DB47h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 1C9A0E8Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C872B54Bh
xor     eax, 0F1BA9E87h
add     eax, 850AA3FBh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 9B59FEFFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 58AFEDBDh
add     eax, 7B777628h
add     eax, 13FCCB04h
sub     eax, 9A6EDA81h
sub     eax, 0EFB8396Ah
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0CF7247A1h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 26186075h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 51F54F42h
xor     eax, 733D3EA5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C6FC2364h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0FCE72968h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 9520FEC5h
add     eax, 0E5F64B14h
not     eax
add     eax, 92CD45EBh
add     eax, 0EE6A84E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A5C6B87Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 3F3E8706h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 31ABF633h
sub     eax, 0FD396638h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D8DFB8CDh
add     eax, 0BF22523Ch
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 7C317A90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BABC7B61h
add     eax, 799F8B44h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9886B299h
add     eax, 0A0316725h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 1623EEC7h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 6FE5D41Ah
sub     eax, 34DFF890h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 49F20D07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B3202C2Ah
add     eax, 59027C93h
not     eax
add     eax, 1583793Ch
sub     eax, 0D1964B30h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0A332D8FAh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 8C2A8BCCh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 85D845B3h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0CB8DBDC5h
add     eax, 0AEF9E55Ah
sub     eax, 2B2340F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0FBEB1BA6h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 154EA5ADh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0A30E3053h
sub     eax, 276A1BFAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8B80E039h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 158C12DCh
xor     eax, 30D6DACDh
add     eax, 0DF43AB1Ah
sub     eax, 89E2C68Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 88922893h
xor     eax, 934C4AC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DF380EE5h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C7A0C422h
add     eax, 6DB54487h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 40AE9259h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 692EDAF8h
add     eax, 0B4BEB302h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 349319ECh
sub     eax, 5CC9656Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 18ED7499h
add     eax, 0E3C378CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0FFF53C24h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 71049B82h
xor     eax, 6D7FFCE4h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0A4EB6247h
xor     eax, 4A151D94h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D62237AEh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 93A76619h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 62ADD281h
sub     eax, 0C7E54CD0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DF509A32h
xor     eax, 8F47488Bh
add     eax, 0CEBD4FA9h
add     eax, 48D5D0BBh
xor     eax, 87C4B771h
add     eax, 0D77032EFh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FD925AC6h
add     eax, 9FD07BE3h
xor     eax, 197C9A94h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5D840938h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 81FC48DCh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F7F5B1FEh
sub     eax, 0A59B34A7h
add     eax, 0E5061FCEh
sub     eax, 9B326DFAh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0E28B015Ch
add     eax, 1356437Ah
add     eax, 0CBA822DAh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 1A07E8E6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 761B534Dh
add     eax, 7E415F96h
sub     eax, 0C66199EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 5844D3FFh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 4892EF3Eh
sub     eax, 91962292h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 5D1A5EB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 3EB79F02h
sub     eax, 3A553B08h
sub     eax, 0A5F11E5Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 31AD6049h
sub     eax, 3101088Dh
sub     eax, 59889218h
sub     eax, 21977830h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0CABD0B06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3BCE8B7Fh
sub     eax, 0EFD06150h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0B3A5DE8Bh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 83AD6C17h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0E4C57F81h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0CDAD0FDBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1EE9A2EBh
add     eax, 2132FD7Ch
sub     eax, 75571EB6h
xor     eax, 450112B2h
add     eax, 62CB655Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5D7C9EE3h
xor     eax, 534AB8D7h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 17AB648Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FB8C1AC2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 99E755D6h
sub     eax, 0A3C0CF5Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A3CD2ACCh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0FB1B675Bh
add     eax, 76389381h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A7C2D834h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F37372C1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B985D11Ch
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 8A7CB236h
add     eax, 0E571D9DBh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0EFF813C0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ED32542Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 869ED7D3h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EA08984Dh
sub     eax, 1DFA8B50h
add     eax, 127D181Fh
xor     eax, 9966B177h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C590BA6Fh
add     eax, 0E0235B45h
not     eax
add     eax, 269FB50Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 73AAFA63h
add     eax, 7DEF277Fh
xor     eax, 4EC3E10Ch
sub     eax, 0CE887188h
add     eax, 3AE0D600h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 8BD2B822h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B388C530h
add     eax, 7647894Bh
xor     eax, 7FB28569h
xor     eax, 418CD538h
not     eax
add     eax, 51450658h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EC308E9Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2164588Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 6C6C80CCh
sub     eax, 0C15E6C5Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 88ED8509h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0A0703712h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 6A83D598h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 497EA2BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C1E54D0Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 779C6174h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0ED1216B1h
sub     eax, 52C90F24h
sub     eax, 0FCDC214Fh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4014933Bh
xor     eax, 0D73F9BE8h
add     eax, 5CA414EBh
sub     eax, 0C4A29E1Eh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E38BDC6Ch
add     eax, 0B1360754h
xor     eax, 0A8CA7E00h
add     eax, 89F36585h
xor     eax, 44E4D417h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 91E604F6h
sub     eax, 6FF749DAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 42CAA475h
sub     eax, 81B952AAh
add     eax, 0E57BCCEEh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0A5AC8CCCh
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 9819DC14h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0BD072931h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C3B248D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 1E4CE08Eh
add     eax, 8DC34213h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 6FEE5495h
sub     eax, 0B26EB321h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0ACBBADE6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 86FC2B19h
add     eax, 5E584279h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0A9F3A78Ah
add     eax, 77506055h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 7B69E74Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7087532h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5A08DC02h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0A5374CFCh
xor     eax, 0EC529B50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CAD77DEAh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB6583ACh
xor     eax, 0A12C5DD6h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 76A0EE01h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 10D15A2Bh
sub     eax, 8BA20928h
sub     eax, 470D8597h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DFB050E7h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0C2211C76h
add     eax, 55F20C72h
add     eax, 8BEBF4FDh
add     eax, 47096002h
add     eax, 4039D9D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E5BD273Bh
xor     eax, 0D5015E1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EAE4EC9Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 711BA2A9h
xor     eax, 0E378FA0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 73C9EAB3h
sub     eax, 53A16104h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0F0C6B5D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1A56D79Fh
xor     eax, 14DA64C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4D465B7Ah
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C1F78AF8h
sub     eax, 50FFFF78h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0CD74AB15h
add     eax, 0D1F79410h
add     eax, 6263B33Fh
add     eax, 3E35171Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0C76A09CFh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 70AB8D6Ch
add     eax, 3F49015Dh
xor     eax, 76EF4765h
add     eax, 0D6578C83h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0CB4E8990h
add     eax, 42D7519Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 78F59922h
sub     eax, 7E6D0C00h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 2628CF17h
xor     eax, 91137A38h
xor     eax, 2DCCE50Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 7ECA209Dh
xor     eax, 12D4893Bh
xor     eax, 5F6E70CAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0E9423BB5h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A798B879h
add     eax, 0B9DB05D8h
xor     eax, 0B2BE971Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0BCE25FE5h
sub     eax, 0D321E8BEh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0CB8A2EFAh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0F0751302h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F7B1184Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 17295BDFh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0BCCFBC27h
sub     eax, 955ED991h
xor     eax, 7AB496E9h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 615D2BE4h
xor     eax, 849DCECEh
sub     eax, 4AABA5DCh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0AB4A0783h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 132A50D1h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 13E23477h
sub     eax, 3013BA8Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 21C17056h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0A1DEB4EAh
xor     eax, 0FE26D5EAh
xor     eax, 2B7E358Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6DBA1F99h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 8B41022Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5EA55B1Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0AA2BD54Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 362547C0h
xor     eax, 382EDCA8h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 11AFBFC8h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 7F4E1149h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 695BDDF1h
add     eax, 0D99B33C1h
add     eax, 0C5DEC4C7h
xor     eax, 4A6DD2F8h
add     eax, 3F04F889h
xor     eax, 457A71D4h
xor     eax, 31D85C98h
xor     eax, 0D58B0028h
xor     eax, 83C31F51h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 11817B07h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0A3626025h
sub     eax, 0CD0C7F28h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4557BEAAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A00EDE1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6B4246BBh
sub     eax, 21542557h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 36CD81D9h
add     eax, 2A330308h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 65171932h
add     eax, 0C1AA8667h
add     eax, 0AB76985Ch
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0DF8CA173h
xor     eax, 7F897E38h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 74BFE2C4h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0D8E4D6C0h
add     eax, 4B3F623Ch
add     eax, 0C4012D71h
sub     eax, 3B5FC6E3h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F730931Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 343B6064h
xor     eax, 0D3B060DCh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 2F528CCBh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 815FF8C3h
add     eax, 80A8831Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 35D87427h
add     eax, 6723BF97h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0F02A1498h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 80D416F6h
add     eax, 0B8A0DD6Bh
sub     eax, 0FC525268h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 97748DE3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 8B18C521h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D0552F60h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 33AC90A1h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 714EA490h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0DDE29A23h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 4BBFF9FFh
xor     eax, 0E1935938h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0B299A556h
add     eax, 8536F524h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AF52DDA5h
sub     eax, 84E7A3ABh
xor     eax, 0A51901D9h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E7DF5E64h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 2F5AC4B7h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0AAA58A23h
add     eax, 0F9165152h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0D8BC8841h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0C591227Fh
add     eax, 0B4E3A1FAh
xor     eax, 1152106Eh
sub     eax, 221378C8h
sub     eax, 2BF8C291h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C1CB1E3Fh
add     eax, 0C301B926h
sub     eax, 61F010ABh
xor     eax, 809B1776h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0F078C09Eh
xor     eax, 2CDA05F0h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F4FCD8A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4D5AA42Eh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 20DD63DFh
sub     eax, 79295A8Ah
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A276CE0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 52F6D1C3h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0D297B030h
sub     eax, 57264F80h
add     eax, 834239FCh
sub     eax, 83FC2176h
add     eax, 0D32A6FA8h
sub     eax, 7D331567h
sub     eax, 0E0C01E53h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D15F365Dh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 6EB17D47h
add     eax, 64851E17h
add     eax, 0D596E857h
add     eax, 5956EF33h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2FB21ECAh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0DA6B74A4h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0AB0620E1h
sub     eax, 0BBF79308h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 714B8604h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 76C6D42Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0D49D947Fh
add     eax, 0F39DE526h
add     eax, 0B38C163Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F9C80946h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 80EBA9FFh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 4B4D0B9Bh
add     eax, 15917186h
xor     eax, 88A98CC9h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0D0480D2Dh
sub     eax, 9210FDA1h
xor     eax, 0EEDF1F54h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 8D368913h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F14BD0BAh
xor     eax, 7602E797h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0DFA2E2E1h
sub     eax, 0B9A9A2FAh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0B8694140h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0FF83A93Ah
add     eax, 0B96B9728h
xor     eax, 85F95362h
sub     eax, 4D7A681Eh
sub     eax, 0A8ABC2A3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0B411B655h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 4A256D4Ah
add     eax, 0C4E79651h
xor     eax, 0B07E89BAh
xor     eax, 0B75FEE58h
xor     eax, 0C2350473h
not     eax
add     eax, 9F7AA147h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 6B68F07Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 62208B26h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 5BECB91Dh
xor     eax, 6487566Ch
sub     eax, 99A69007h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0F9139E8Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5CB5EB21h
sub     eax, 0E66F0C23h
xor     eax, 9AC8188Eh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 74F8D54Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 52C85B86h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 61634E9Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 8AD10AD7h
sub     eax, 2E92FC15h
sub     eax, 831AF73Eh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0AA63A564h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F0BA308Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3B4BAF50h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0FF4C57E1h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FC18F365h
xor     eax, 86C9F2C1h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0F28CA7D0h
xor     eax, 0AE52599Ah
add     eax, 2F843057h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 28040125h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 2BD91CBAh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 4A946E20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 98BF5852h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7D487D02h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 5A2C6D7Eh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0DC078A0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B7A71536h
add     eax, 425E874Dh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5BD56368h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E6A7FCAFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2506F4CBh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0A3BE47DBh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CF7D180Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EEB45DC4h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 9A258000h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A7FBCD66h
add     eax, 95DC9CE6h
xor     eax, 58D14DAAh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0D51C092Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 38789CC2h
add     eax, 9DAB03ACh
xor     eax, 615660FEh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0CDD440B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 349166DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ABB89764h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 48CB645Bh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1DEDB13Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 104FE471h
sub     eax, 0AAA696F9h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0C7656E00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 809DC235h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0A538E1E0h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 637BC5B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 406BFCE0h
sub     eax, 201D141Bh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 280F2344h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6E90E25Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 2CE2E08Bh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 9DFE589Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B3E0672Bh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 6C47CAD1h
xor     eax, 0C70FD6DFh
add     eax, 0F2288272h
sub     eax, 9CFF2DABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6E2BB7C2h
add     eax, 8791D2D5h
add     eax, 0D261B0C6h
add     eax, 0F79FE85Fh
xor     eax, 0B5FCF93Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 77C8FCD2h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 766DC508h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 225AEA24h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C8E294C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D8E29F37h
not     eax
xor     eax, 40FEB0B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 962E6783h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 62FFFA8Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1BB0DE37h
sub     eax, 0F0B7C904h
sub     eax, 0E3320DC4h
sub     eax, 0E6D579F3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B7532A4Dh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 3B56EEF8h
add     eax, 97872D56h
add     eax, 0D332B456h
not     eax
xor     eax, 75529F70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D3E25821h
add     eax, 697909F2h
add     eax, 31392CE4h
sub     eax, 3D8B05CBh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 2326301Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 82363F8Bh
xor     eax, 0C5375300h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0D16E3FD9h
sub     eax, 4342935Ch
xor     eax, 3E761B63h
xor     eax, 988F3C07h
sub     eax, 7FF9780Bh
sub     eax, 0F69302C5h
add     eax, 6659C8CBh
sub     eax, 0E178C4BBh
sub     eax, 0B7A3A16Dh
add     eax, 0E9F73513h
not     eax
sub     eax, 16FFA8F0h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 73F41C19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D933E2BDh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BFA94D34h
add     eax, 0BAC115DBh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 48AD33D3h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0AF09CFCBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 94A970E0h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0C39BEC6Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 56B80C79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 90D8984Eh
sub     eax, 689A010Eh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 3B594896h
xor     eax, 0E894AA7Eh
xor     eax, 6A28D7A5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C951EF77h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 69030874h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 1850A46Ah
xor     eax, 701CD29Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0CE13F592h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3448377Ah
sub     eax, 0BAF28FD0h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 762F6495h
sub     eax, 35491519h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6DAD742Dh
add     eax, 1694DA09h
xor     eax, 0B398C8A4h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 7E9F5DCAh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0D1F1236Dh
add     eax, 1ED108F7h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0EF040A97h
add     eax, 403B0240h
add     eax, 3BDF7C96h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F47971AAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 67D8CC16h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 4466A67Dh
sub     eax, 0A786EB46h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 70324285h
sub     eax, 1FB7B8B6h
add     eax, 9C5FD5A8h
add     eax, 0D4407C88h
sub     eax, 61E61980h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 9A398C12h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 1C9DA323h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0A32C77C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 14AF4F64h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0B55751D9h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 59EE5C26h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B93D7111h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A21D3173h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0B1538111h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0D5E717A4h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 7E440C65h
xor     eax, 0E39DA4F4h
xor     eax, 0BD40F9A2h
xor     eax, 4A727DDDh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AB2170C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3623B295h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 5D6FDBB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1A372BBDh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 480E2043h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 16C9147Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0A1595900h
xor     eax, 0CD719E91h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 1E7D1A52h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AEA4ADD3h
add     eax, 7366B2D1h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0A11DDBBDh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0E77B29E7h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 998713E3h
sub     eax, 2D014D70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 36BE61E1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E11FE41Dh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 32CDDBC6h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0C43C89C4h
sub     eax, 0D99DA011h
xor     eax, 79A17A37h
add     eax, 0A0C97674h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F60307A2h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 20EA591Dh
xor     eax, 19D6771Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 4102DF46h
sub     eax, 478DFE71h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF08DBBDh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 290A2502h
add     eax, 9CF786B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 60E4687Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 648AF877h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0B04DFF5Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B0EC17D3h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 85528CD5h
add     eax, 519900A4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F8541232h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1B2CFFB6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6D0DF6A1h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 48F878D9h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0D0DEC5DFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 79A6F3E8h
add     eax, 77989BF0h
add     eax, 19C7D55Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7A17A881h
add     eax, 53A6F8FFh
sub     eax, 0F53CFF72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ADFF603Dh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DA3AC34Bh
add     eax, 7280B3D9h
sub     eax, 172B8A95h
sub     eax, 7133CC93h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 91E60E29h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 30DD7ECBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 76B0540Fh
add     eax, 9C89BF44h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 765CC9B0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FC60E0FCh
sub     eax, 0FDD5D646h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 149FBEC3h
xor     eax, 11BACA5Ch
add     eax, 0FE0757DEh
xor     eax, 7724B469h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D0E3FA19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9C67D489h
xor     eax, 0A334F2D4h
xor     eax, 34A64563h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BF553734h
add     eax, 3F81EC5Dh
xor     eax, 0E90492E7h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 8CAB9590h
xor     eax, 0CF6FDB8Bh
xor     eax, 0C4571B7Dh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0F41FDC36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5FE3261Eh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 3A7D29DAh
not     eax
add     eax, 5952DE22h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 3A28BC88h
sub     eax, 2E60758Eh
add     eax, 0DDC3C511h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4C0864B1h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 99216D25h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C07C6D34h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 12DD5EEEh
xor     eax, 0EEA1CE84h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FFF7AE94h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 49A2F831h
not     eax
sub     eax, 34F9FBECh
sub     eax, 609286ABh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 5FEFFEACh
xor     eax, 0B024CABEh
add     eax, 7726D493h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0E44746D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0B26643FCh
xor     eax, 0A356DC8Eh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0AF781ED5h
sub     eax, 0D32D96DEh
add     eax, 90FCB0F4h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 19425012h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F0CD215Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5A05CF97h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 997ECC08h
add     eax, 8F6D3B89h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7018BD18h
xor     eax, 39C9B801h
sub     eax, 647C6980h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B11A8173h
add     eax, 0BB8280D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D17BEA3Eh
sub     eax, 79509A72h
sub     eax, 0FE0D198Dh
sub     eax, 7A9BF60Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 4387A0D6h
xor     eax, 61DA8F2Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 3A2A2977h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 12B813E6h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 96E326F5h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3B35CF80h
xor     eax, 0E2F68F77h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5CEDE51Ah
xor     eax, 77BF9750h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 84BA3CC0h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 8B6AD74Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 8C90E654h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 98527D30h
xor     eax, 4B6207A4h
sub     eax, 66C8CC9Ch
xor     eax, 2F4AD13Fh
sub     eax, 0C9203019h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 7D4747AAh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 4F5B1A89h
sub     eax, 7388B768h
add     eax, 4253CC47h
sub     eax, 0AAB425C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 696FC277h
xor     eax, 0C649A474h
sub     eax, 0B02872EAh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 6FDB963Bh
sub     eax, 3F169A7Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 8DC3849Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0EA7DB62Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0E1497AAEh
sub     eax, 447EB4BFh
sub     eax, 41435DBBh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C77818BAh
sub     eax, 0B5BDE5E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6299F9C5h
add     eax, 0D5D13349h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 2358B302h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 2D2AFFD4h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 46CD3538h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5C8AEAAEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 9FF720FDh
sub     eax, 9AC44D98h
xor     eax, 277ACE78h
add     eax, 26586337h
sub     eax, 0E2654284h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EA41E1D2h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 243E155Ch
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0F537903Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1DB4C859h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A71A7514h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5E91C0DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0BE19FFEDh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 39C2C5E8h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 642E4D60h
xor     eax, 18D54647h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 2928FC14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 998FB6F4h
xor     eax, 1B32E541h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7642A287h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D2E1BDCDh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 28CC2DC9h
sub     eax, 3D2F3C67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 1581DFA0h
add     eax, 0E2971BF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 407F12D0h
xor     eax, 4CA047EEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5D000FC5h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 90037EBAh
sub     eax, 3A49DDF2h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 22FE88BDh
add     eax, 6D74810Bh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0E1099391h
xor     eax, 64BD9A6Ah
sub     eax, 0AC5BE55Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 9B3FF386h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0C5056FB1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B258A44Bh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1967AEF7h
xor     eax, 872C9AD9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B1B45EB6h
add     eax, 0AC98FE56h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 88BD6CFEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2A01CBD9h
add     eax, 23AF86B7h
add     eax, 0C759BCBEh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 5DAB362Bh
add     eax, 93D81051h
xor     eax, 244F871Dh
sub     eax, 58FCA13Ah
add     eax, 0AC5ADE34h
not     eax
sub     eax, 59EA7CD8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 58A596FFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 56E11913h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0A92A9058h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 5ABEE641h
xor     eax, 0E2ABE011h
add     eax, 0C6FBD2FEh
add     eax, 0FCC3E0D3h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6A2E0842h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DF28BB97h
xor     eax, 0D5163FA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0A4FFD987h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4D460D41h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 1C99C660h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E6FDAE74h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 94B1779Eh
xor     eax, 0DA935F60h
xor     eax, 0ABF87D2Eh
add     eax, 5A12AE30h
add     eax, 2BE250F0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7A5756Ch
xor     eax, 9EBBC37Ah
xor     eax, 0DE66D0BEh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E631DAD5h
add     eax, 0E3188D5Bh
sub     eax, 149608BAh
xor     eax, 0B9BEF8B3h
xor     eax, 0EAF1FD67h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 17C836ADh
add     eax, 5D6D14A7h
xor     eax, 0E6C45F8Eh
add     eax, 952723EFh
sub     eax, 238F9D50h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 2F73F2D8h
sub     eax, 51BB93F2h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 7691F569h
add     eax, 0A40899F6h
add     eax, 3E5CEFA1h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0E49F30D8h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 573AF782h
add     eax, 293736C6h
sub     eax, 0FACD5C00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FCCE3380h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0E50D136Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 2E189124h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 9DF24226h
xor     eax, 7BF14083h
xor     eax, 0E5057B93h
sub     eax, 70340977h
sub     eax, 1BD41035h
sub     eax, 543CC8F2h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0A70C14F3h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 17325230h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6A5CCD0Fh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 9991567Fh
sub     eax, 0BFAC4FA3h
xor     eax, 8A8A39B7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4D129A25h
xor     eax, 246B8A99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1535B11Ah
add     eax, 0D715699Dh
xor     eax, 0F55A0067h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0D9D40B84h
add     eax, 63613267h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0C23D071Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 8C84D5E7h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 4D33AA51h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2EE6F688h
sub     eax, 0F868C4D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0CA8EC506h
xor     eax, 1A8E68D5h
add     eax, 99EEE8F6h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0A21A6A2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B679ADEFh
add     eax, 96536DD8h
xor     eax, 2E03FD84h
sub     eax, 4A798C1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3A3CF7E7h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 8D463986h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8CF76907h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C9A5D243h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0DECD7540h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 3EE08C07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DFFF20A5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 3D5E658Ch
xor     eax, 0B9AB94A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CCF9647Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0C50E2A9Eh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 4FB89D79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6B9A76D1h
sub     eax, 0D8959A54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 90A1B05Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 84259FAEh
sub     eax, 28E1237Fh
xor     eax, 0AC2632BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 21946816h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2E6F6EDEh
sub     eax, 69722AC6h
sub     eax, 0CDBAE0E6h
sub     eax, 0DD8D0F0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B23DC00Eh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AEC2F7D8h
not     eax
add     eax, 65F06EDBh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5185D344h
add     eax, 834F26F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 459A27EFh
sub     eax, 9DE4F25Eh
sub     eax, 0C7612041h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7530D055h
xor     eax, 68973BE4h
add     eax, 0B3B9B337h
xor     eax, 0BF0DF895h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 180A6B38h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 15DA3545h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 60D9C26Bh
add     eax, 58405D44h
add     eax, 0CA2A8F35h
sub     eax, 4E347438h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F858223Ch
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0AD0972F1h
xor     eax, 6E73BA5Eh
add     eax, 0B8B5E791h
sub     eax, 26A4D480h
sub     eax, 3BFCDA65h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D97D2F01h
xor     eax, 0ED111EA1h
sub     eax, 6314F4D0h
sub     eax, 628DEE28h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 13049BCCh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0E8F81271h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 705F03A9h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 724A6698h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0EADE1D6Eh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 3C7A0435h
sub     eax, 0E84E7A73h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E44485Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 53770D44h
xor     eax, 0D152ECCCh
add     eax, 0D16D0903h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C077E90Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 15229101h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 22F8413Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A30180AEh
sub     eax, 0AE041D67h
xor     eax, 0F1423AB8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 917E73FDh
xor     eax, 8C9E4042h
sub     eax, 51668267h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 44DD0AD5h
xor     eax, 24D2EFA1h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 4AA50047h
sub     eax, 3ED13B24h
sub     eax, 0DEC90DEDh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B635F2D3h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 99FDB990h
xor     eax, 1DA765F7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6F799C55h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0B6DA8231h
add     eax, 0DDC71D76h
sub     eax, 0D4EA72F5h
add     eax, 40F89167h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3650E384h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5760257Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 34813535h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 85775325h
add     eax, 7AE3A9E1h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 6D4525E1h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 67EABF4Ch
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0A5F80137h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0AE727AE0h
xor     eax, 3EC2BD6Dh
add     eax, 59A398E4h
xor     eax, 0FA091567h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 6DB22B65h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 2B9EA627h
xor     eax, 92BE2417h
sub     eax, 322BCA39h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B0916BF6h
not     eax
add     eax, 21D4E0C8h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E99DCB1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 10EED8D9h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 4626F8FFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DFB3CF6Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 5102A0AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 915D50C8h
xor     eax, 0AAAB5AEDh
add     eax, 0F103D00Eh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0FC04CA94h
xor     eax, 0D5DB51F0h
sub     eax, 26A7A09Dh
add     eax, 2C9F9578h
sub     eax, 0CA70360Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 49FD4470h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A433380Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C36FEA06h
xor     eax, 8B667BBCh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0AD35D708h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0A8DDAFEEh
xor     eax, 6EBF7329h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9F635CC0h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0FA1353D6h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 7AAC9466h
sub     eax, 0A65C5A06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 1CC6A6E9h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0DEE898AAh
sub     eax, 177ACF27h
sub     eax, 9F273979h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 243D687Bh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E0D77B03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 24E193A7h
sub     eax, 926E112Ah
add     eax, 0DAADBCEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 989DDFFFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0AAE95B8Fh
sub     eax, 0BEDDB1F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0B9D59395h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 21F64605h
xor     eax, 952D8D57h
sub     eax, 84CE28DDh
xor     eax, 88954A29h
add     eax, 7D112A4Fh
sub     eax, 30397908h
xor     eax, 0FAA2C527h
add     eax, 9B8D5292h
sub     eax, 0D3CECF17h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B0EB1D79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D4841601h
not     eax
sub     eax, 10B39B54h
add     eax, 0DDA4832Eh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 597E7271h
sub     eax, 0F7E2B1BCh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 81CA2CD7h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 4EF32DE4h
sub     eax, 0B18DBFD2h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 1D15D041h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 864F2842h
add     eax, 210349A2h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 955C5605h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 88EC155Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 671BC5AFh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 6FC3E7F7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5CADFBD4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1B189F3Fh
sub     eax, 9E3DA6FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 638F3EECh
add     eax, 10E884FFh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DB68413Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 96D30563h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 8EE93D78h
xor     eax, 42743443h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0EA341F9Fh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A887BC20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 383A5E79h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 6CA79D54h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5E716098h
add     eax, 4B684F6Eh
add     eax, 0E1A015D2h
add     eax, 4454A5BAh
add     eax, 2F0D74CAh
xor     eax, 0C0B4D6CDh
sub     eax, 8F176634h
add     eax, 0A92BB4B1h
add     eax, 0F63412ADh
xor     eax, 0F1F1F94Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 629AF894h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FB00D6A3h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 129D0F22h
sub     eax, 0E6FE1195h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 22218BC8h
add     eax, 0E5D21E22h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F8122C7Bh
add     eax, 0FB50BB0Ah
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 8D0ACB3Bh
add     eax, 0A4C96663h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A677FCE0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8BCCA5FFh
xor     eax, 22F50DA4h
not     eax
add     eax, 330AFAF4h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F622755Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 89EC933Ah
add     eax, 13AAF21Dh
sub     eax, 23DFF081h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 5A325A40h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0B0D4E7CAh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 7503232Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 73B774FAh
add     eax, 0A129C4BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 7025CF0Fh
add     eax, 3D9C74B7h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 2681318Dh
xor     eax, 6B2EE668h
add     eax, 0C1A9FE60h
xor     eax, 0B91CC257h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 11A36B60h
add     eax, 251EA642h
sub     eax, 0DE2339BBh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 79FCFFFFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A02C0FDBh
add     eax, 0DF31D18Ah
xor     eax, 2488571Eh
xor     eax, 0EA37263Bh
add     eax, 0B9313408h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0D4496502h
sub     eax, 23AE40FCh
add     eax, 3353DFA5h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 7E59D198h
sub     eax, 10D88D63h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0FEEDD281h
sub     eax, 73ABA3BAh
xor     eax, 544C58EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0B393CCF6h
xor     eax, 87210FBBh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 13E1E2DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F8E93720h
add     eax, 0B5B72945h
add     eax, 6288C92Bh
sub     eax, 0B082C41Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0A175D557h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C9F694E1h
sub     eax, 388C55A7h
add     eax, 60E80A59h
add     eax, 2D428402h
xor     eax, 0D7D4762Dh
sub     eax, 371BCE82h
add     eax, 248950E5h
add     eax, 50CA39B5h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E356B42Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0CF3E777Dh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 453C5589h
xor     eax, 0E0173E77h
sub     eax, 0F1549964h
sub     eax, 937DCBA0h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9B24293Bh
sub     eax, 0F94598A3h
add     eax, 0E8DCD0E6h
add     eax, 2EB957E6h
add     eax, 968E809Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3EA5B3B8h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 8DBB088Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 39BC26F4h
xor     eax, 0FDAC98FDh
xor     eax, 0D3D1DE0Ch
xor     eax, 0A3494B43h
add     eax, 73877DE0h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 78DB7CA3h
add     eax, 0DE4E5D39h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B5297BAEh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DAD7A6F8h
sub     eax, 0AFC2A1ECh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 81AF4534h
sub     eax, 15C2F740h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 1C0A124Dh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 323BFAF9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1F17E0F0h
add     eax, 7BE23BE5h
xor     eax, 94F95B40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E00956E5h
add     eax, 0EBD85CE4h
sub     eax, 2E0C279Dh
sub     eax, 6809E336h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 6D90C625h
sub     eax, 345CDF72h
xor     eax, 0E994C595h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0FFF9393Eh
sub     eax, 0D06C5723h
xor     eax, 49E31E9Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0DEB9CD81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2968B69Ch
xor     eax, 42602063h
add     eax, 4D66CA23h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0E8DF6E15h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 61334D48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F0B7A184h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B4203CD1h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A217AE19h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 81B285C2h
add     eax, 0F3C8E82Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4A6CCA46h
xor     eax, 0E0B20328h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3A586C5Eh
add     eax, 9E60AFFAh
add     eax, 6C6EEA36h
xor     eax, 0AA61FD4Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 71F0722Ah
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 8639E6C8h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 3D2DBECAh
sub     eax, 0BCA419DBh
sub     eax, 0C153C8BBh
sub     eax, 233D380Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0BFCA4229h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 4AC7696Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 2936C2AFh
add     eax, 0FF3A17BFh
add     eax, 4F4112E3h
add     eax, 0C047B8C3h
add     eax, 0C3D9E5A5h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C15BF7E0h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0AF126D99h
add     eax, 33625CE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 1E3691ACh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 5AC42780h
add     eax, 0A563E53Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AFBF079Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FAFC8DDEh
add     eax, 53C98DEAh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 3C0914C7h
not     eax
add     eax, 72309F67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2214FD0Eh
add     eax, 203CEDB0h
sub     eax, 56604EA3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6DB6BD8Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0A15A56C5h
sub     eax, 0D3AA2215h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0C3A9DFD4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 29CB5209h
add     eax, 0DBB84ABEh
add     eax, 0A120377Bh
xor     eax, 8C1AF2C2h
sub     eax, 0E160F2DDh
sub     eax, 8E3A22E9h
sub     eax, 4508B812h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 977E2C05h
add     eax, 9761765Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0E9D230AEh
add     eax, 0C441B964h
xor     eax, 0CE5EAA5Eh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 446E39B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E0F695BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B3F83154h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 17A810A1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D74478B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0A5E4237Ah
xor     eax, 1F2267FAh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E2853B98h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2505D128h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 27444983h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0A85BC39Bh
add     eax, 57B787A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 48627AD1h
add     eax, 4CF01CA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3B81B3C6h
xor     eax, 0DA7C7696h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 48051BE0h
add     eax, 3201E633h
xor     eax, 52C79C9Eh
add     eax, 5BCBF264h
sub     eax, 0B6BEB3F3h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 1D3EAE60h
sub     eax, 74278E7Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 34D8590Dh
xor     eax, 2E4FC6BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 513DBD28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3811596Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 22C24B95h
xor     eax, 77CD5E07h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 46FFBED9h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 741EF0F9h
xor     eax, 17BCEEEFh
xor     eax, 0F5A5B1CFh
add     eax, 0EAE464C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F0A4A743h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EA80CB5Fh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0A358F042h
xor     eax, 7BAB5E10h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0A62E7758h
add     eax, 1C104AB7h
xor     eax, 6605A126h
sub     eax, 264F6ED2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA1B54D3h
xor     eax, 4F89EF8Ah
sub     eax, 4C189D5Eh
xor     eax, 810829EFh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 651CD859h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 966348C0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A01C96C6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 89409F1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 95C6D23Fh
add     eax, 5305B949h
sub     eax, 203AD9AFh
xor     eax, 0B181572Ch
sub     eax, 4A7A3BACh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0CD66C795h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 871E7E91h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 825B634Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7819ED9Dh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 5C8854FCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A1B6292Dh
xor     eax, 0F80AF46Eh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9E33C3D8h
sub     eax, 94C65C2Ah
sub     eax, 9B5C6D4Eh
xor     eax, 1C5CE2CDh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 554B267Ah
add     eax, 0E57CAA58h
sub     eax, 0EC98D2C4h
xor     eax, 909884F5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 8BE6F4A4h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 7A6E6BB3h
add     eax, 0D9F7EE66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6F70D131h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 16E0AB07h
add     eax, 454F406Bh
xor     eax, 5257BD16h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0BCE5A92Ah
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E06704CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 15C9633Ch
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0ABC050C8h
xor     eax, 0EA27C68Fh
sub     eax, 0CA8E04A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BBBEA77Eh
add     eax, 8FB28F31h
add     eax, 1FB40299h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A5C459CBh
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BE509624h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FFD9CFDBh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 17E9A116h
sub     eax, 38E18DC2h
add     eax, 0E806E494h
sub     eax, 8422A93Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9EB08734h
add     eax, 94C65073h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0EF57858Eh
add     eax, 1684CDDCh
xor     eax, 0C73A0220h
sub     eax, 0AA5B8804h
add     eax, 53258677h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 4F2313C6h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FF818FFDh
xor     eax, 5D0758B6h
xor     eax, 3C2D2AD3h
add     eax, 0E8F49017h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E29EA24Dh
sub     eax, 58203D52h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0DCD1AC1Bh
sub     eax, 37227D38h
add     eax, 1432F9CDh
sub     eax, 0DA29226Bh
xor     eax, 5AF4186Eh
sub     eax, 0A45A7A8Bh
xor     eax, 6B1205F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 93E8DD2Ah
sub     eax, 4E127C1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C9E8568Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DCA09A39h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6947DE45h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F1F24F99h
add     eax, 0D0EF5015h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C0B4EA6Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D87100BDh
xor     eax, 0A194E644h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 14BC91A9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BE73067Eh
add     eax, 0D0473E2Fh
add     eax, 8EAE3A2Bh
xor     eax, 0E9775C25h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 2C584592h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0A57C7317h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0A32D7396h
add     eax, 0F8C47920h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DAEA9909h
not     eax
xor     eax, 69FBDA97h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 5EE9E744h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 55B22F45h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C533502Bh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0BCA44F7Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 8E4A538Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6CD0875Fh
add     eax, 0D6B28B73h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0A60360A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 7288A710h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 7ADAD8DFh
add     eax, 59CCEE63h
sub     eax, 8781E5FFh
sub     eax, 76CF5C06h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0B16BDE49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 79148184h
xor     eax, 9D6DFD7Eh
add     eax, 0F1FEEDB5h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0A8411859h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8A3D9675h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 62B7F063h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ED01237Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 2B794BF3h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 6E09FC83h
xor     eax, 0B5205DC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 1BBF335Ah
add     eax, 23FF9609h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 5E3886E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AAA30083h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0AD43D770h
add     eax, 0B3E25E78h
xor     eax, 0B8A71B04h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 7BFE64DEh
xor     eax, 0D68FE7EFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 4518FE6Dh
sub     eax, 1C15AD66h
sub     eax, 7A875917h
add     eax, 0DCE2255Ah
xor     eax, 0C4800D7Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 969EA1E7h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 3A408E08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B3DAB904h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 5F8D90A0h
sub     eax, 81CD04F2h
sub     eax, 33D25AFFh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 0D655A68Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 778530C2h
add     eax, 1DA7A18Ah
add     eax, 0FAD4C019h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A9F047B6h
xor     eax, 817F006Bh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0F489768Ah
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 5D1BAFDEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0E0823AB1h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 610D859Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C5C621FBh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 63551568h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FBA0AC71h
xor     eax, 93AEB2B1h
add     eax, 0DE722969h
add     eax, 0B7D46A7Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5C004C7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 46B13C77h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 39C1DFBFh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 1FB42F3Ah
add     eax, 88B9EA57h
xor     eax, 78D5A9F6h
add     eax, 6EE33235h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6B042782h
add     eax, 4C97FE5Fh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 882FDB83h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A32A98BAh
sub     eax, 0E0A74F00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0E8E54DAFh
xor     eax, 4393D837h
add     eax, 0CA276507h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D6F3D9A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 34FA624Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4FBD1591h
add     eax, 0B277831Fh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0E996A3E8h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0E0AE2E25h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ED4136DDh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 5F539AD7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E42C1D63h
sub     eax, 0CBA147F8h
sub     eax, 0D56DD681h
sub     eax, 55FC103Ah
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F4E3FE3Bh
xor     eax, 1CE63D45h
add     eax, 7598E7E6h
not     eax
add     eax, 74E548E3h
sub     eax, 3223C5EEh
add     eax, 5A6B0981h
sub     eax, 7B138C4Fh
add     eax, 4111F857h
sub     eax, 0FB835DA2h
add     eax, 9E4CDE6Bh
xor     eax, 0E33F6C37h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D509C04Ch
sub     eax, 0CB5A0FA5h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 29E909D9h
sub     eax, 78A36348h
add     eax, 0AC866192h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FC3CDD73h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 8E670D4Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 978CB9ABh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 5F1D1B66h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 6F6BD236h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0F8421E82h
xor     eax, 0E7899A4Bh
xor     eax, 1CC88573h
sub     eax, 7FAF8501h
xor     eax, 1E5E5061h
xor     eax, 0EF1A3BE7h
not     eax
add     eax, 210F978Ah
xor     eax, 997976E1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0D9B18218h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 30A7ED2Eh
xor     eax, 4C2A4092h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FAA893EEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 97BF64C3h
add     eax, 2786EC5Bh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 416C7090h
sub     eax, 0FFC9E4B3h
add     eax, 0F288505Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FAE3BFCFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B4A21835h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B1490C19h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0D0D4A10Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0DA297BBDh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 1E7543FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0A1723254h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0AE7C1B2Ch
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CF1B1602h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5BA2D024h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 1E9C90C3h
add     eax, 1C62A25Ah
sub     eax, 40B861D1h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C4E5A771h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 87C87CF9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BAC27038h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 14C4B63Ah
xor     eax, 0EB59849Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0DD94B2D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 2A8C3DECh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 9E8DD1EEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DF3DDFA5h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0D4B2FD57h
xor     eax, 4831A2A1h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 66BDC9EDh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0C9922C9Ah
sub     eax, 0CEEE0F50h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 1C8BC4F4h
add     eax, 0CABB15D0h
add     eax, 0A99FFCACh
xor     eax, 1D6AD9F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F47D65EFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4F754582h
xor     eax, 0F86FC204h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5FDC1A60h
add     eax, 159E76BAh
sub     eax, 45340CEAh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B5C9DE4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0B8E582E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 46C49F7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D4A1F43Dh
sub     eax, 922CC16Ah
xor     eax, 2A924B3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0BB70EB78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F96ADCC8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 69A2E635h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 911F3836h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 58346606h
xor     eax, 7FE95F90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2E0EFE7Dh
sub     eax, 0EA4C5187h
sub     eax, 3155A100h
xor     eax, 101D65FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 7A48C6FAh
xor     eax, 1751FD3Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CDF5EC55h
add     eax, 918C22C5h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0A5D412F9h
xor     eax, 3250920Ch
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 5627D3F0h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8C3E514Dh
xor     eax, 272EB394h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2F81E847h
add     eax, 0EC0B7586h
sub     eax, 1184C755h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0A48419D4h
add     eax, 7C28B734h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A5706F78h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 5484FC6Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D867BD99h
xor     eax, 0DC044C96h
not     eax
add     eax, 3DE4A3E7h
xor     eax, 0DA9016DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 7795DC9Eh
xor     eax, 0A546D854h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F1F924E2h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 23C1507Eh
sub     eax, 9B39A1B5h
add     eax, 0E7A991E7h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0F11E9525h
add     eax, 0EC80BF42h
add     eax, 54E51E7Bh
sub     eax, 0A42E7E1Bh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 867333B3h
xor     eax, 85BC802Ch
xor     eax, 3C9A529Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CDF79603h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 53623FE9h
xor     eax, 0B154DF1Fh
add     eax, 94820692h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A91ED81Dh
add     eax, 5932D23Ch
sub     eax, 8F84CA7Fh
add     eax, 9AD4049Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 66D207B2h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 1E43914Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E0404CA5h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0DEAFDE6Bh
add     eax, 18326004h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FD4C1472h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 35BD79FFh
sub     eax, 35C1B7ADh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 837F8052h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D98356D3h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 6ECD79F7h
xor     eax, 56390FD0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3AC0AB8Bh
add     eax, 4CAB8F22h
sub     eax, 0BC1E1D51h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 1E2ED2E9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 20581834h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 89EED4BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 926E46A1h
add     eax, 5009214Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0EED0A1C6h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 3385FF2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC039700h
sub     eax, 49D9565Dh
xor     eax, 6036A1D2h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0F23CFB22h
xor     eax, 54CF557Bh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0C0E88434h
xor     eax, 9ECE0D99h
xor     eax, 6B1DEF88h
not     eax
xor     eax, 142C8226h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7CF88758h
sub     eax, 463B5838h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E89CD96Bh
xor     eax, 4885E2BDh
xor     eax, 0F55949D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6D94846Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E36AD0A1h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E449C545h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 308E4ECBh
add     eax, 40168DB4h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0A5DAFAE2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 30C5C028h
sub     eax, 44B88FE1h
xor     eax, 0A710BFA4h
xor     eax, 9EC5F565h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B0E651CDh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D39AA9D9h
add     eax, 8ED05D04h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 5408A3CFh
add     eax, 0DDF41E4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7D4D3782h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BD99CF20h
sub     eax, 0E6D80824h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 1CFBC622h
xor     eax, 0A74CE794h
xor     eax, 0DDA45FC0h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0E90D6C96h
xor     eax, 81F70CCEh
sub     eax, 0F2495C89h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0E31AB8EBh
xor     eax, 40FC4B4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7B193BDCh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0C0809F87h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 985530F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC8EDD85h
xor     eax, 97BD2B1Ah
xor     eax, 70CF69C5h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4AE9D3E1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E1A82FC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 8E567481h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1E47EDF4h
add     eax, 1AB33221h
add     eax, 48FCB109h
xor     eax, 8C9C970Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 317DA4ECh
xor     eax, 0E39C9D8Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 8DAD883Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6BDDC994h
add     eax, 0E6BC9CB3h
add     eax, 336D7384h
xor     eax, 95859E67h
sub     eax, 0FE716967h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A4F543C1h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F8D190C2h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0DBC6B69Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5C8DEF90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 65C96498h
add     eax, 2ED079D0h
sub     eax, 47D4B511h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E681750Eh
sub     eax, 14EB69A3h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0DE1F784Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7F5E5A5Fh
xor     eax, 0F58179AFh
xor     eax, 8470E073h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0FB01D531h
xor     eax, 866FF9E6h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0F81B7EF1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EEC3F582h
xor     eax, 8E10B163h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3B0991F8h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0EFBD7097h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 46106AE1h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0BA2124DFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0BEDB92CBh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 7989DDF6h
sub     eax, 0EB20E98Ah
add     eax, 0F457C1C8h
add     eax, 9C00F3D6h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D701D312h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 55420DC5h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 61B4F4F2h
xor     eax, 8B1E00D9h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E4A3418Fh
xor     eax, 0D0C60EDAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 883E5DE0h
sub     eax, 9FFBF433h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 6B4C0EEDh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 38A0CD0Eh
xor     eax, 0BCAD12DDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7D434E5Eh
xor     eax, 8A1E6D72h
add     eax, 5AD31D1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C028DF8Ch
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 4CC3E0BAh
add     eax, 69996899h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 1D11736Ah
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D8B5734Eh
xor     eax, 21EAAADAh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 4C3ADE06h
sub     eax, 0EF8F4ACCh
add     eax, 0D212F2E7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 8C7ED5EDh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 7659B19Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0B4893218h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 64F536FAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 788328E7h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 43545683h
xor     eax, 0B75FFF7Fh
xor     eax, 0E3621FD8h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 6615011Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 60C03A8Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 61E353C4h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 272687ABh
add     eax, 0AB3E001Ch
add     eax, 0F0114864h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 7CA44716h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 3FF3B05Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 831144ECh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 1ACF87DDh
xor     eax, 1E0526B3h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 1AF7AF27h
xor     eax, 0F57AAD24h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C342C216h
not     eax
add     eax, 242823AFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8A0CFD10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E8ABB00Fh
sub     eax, 0B7348B2Dh
xor     eax, 0EA0BFE25h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0D651E8B7h
xor     eax, 0DC9A6C90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5EDCD78Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D394F7FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 5B283526h
xor     eax, 647A501Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 17559816h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CB04F15Fh
add     eax, 93BEADADh
xor     eax, 5CC5518Dh
xor     eax, 26101046h
sub     eax, 0D0DCC8FAh
add     eax, 965FDD02h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0BA8C1E82h
sub     eax, 0BAB8EEA9h
add     eax, 86C9B729h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0C0EBC38Bh
xor     eax, 0D68086B9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0B71FCEB7h
add     eax, 670E6069h
xor     eax, 0B25D09F1h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 54C87C38h
xor     eax, 0EB5395ECh
sub     eax, 0FA1A30B5h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 6173A60Ah
add     eax, 0FA586B8Ah
sub     eax, 52240F79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9D820BD1h
sub     eax, 38B785C8h
add     eax, 97629153h
add     eax, 0EBAA746Ah
xor     eax, 0AF78D7EAh
sub     eax, 44CA282Fh
sub     eax, 3353948Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0AE1F43B8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A2B53A9Bh
add     eax, 0A842EF75h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0E5DB439Ch
xor     eax, 6FC410E3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B7D0E063h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0F9E9B8CBh
sub     eax, 0F94250FCh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F04DC6B3h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 608E071Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8496AAD9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 91ED2FFFh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E6FBC8DDh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0C7A6C8E7h
add     eax, 0FEB35D90h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B6CFFF30h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 94EC7835h
sub     eax, 2AE5A664h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 76D52DE7h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 781D6F15h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0E5866EB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5FCC3C65h
add     eax, 0A06A5BB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D2538885h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 9B2DC75Bh
xor     eax, 0E60755A5h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0F18BF47Eh
sub     eax, 68249F53h
sub     eax, 0B0843290h
add     eax, 0D45133D6h
xor     eax, 5B5CBED3h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0BBA4CA9Ch
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 51B9426Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1D80DFEEh
xor     eax, 8EE70C39h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9F9619FEh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0F8F00322h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A264A95Bh
sub     eax, 3F3055D8h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 84B585BDh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 5FD59F39h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 772CD47Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E48626D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 73A198CEh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 540389C3h
sub     eax, 49168186h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 85234A97h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 71254ED2h
sub     eax, 2D47023Eh
sub     eax, 38C13BD4h
sub     eax, 0B5A6DFD7h
not     eax
add     eax, 2080C7B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 50DE8E6Eh
sub     eax, 907ED89Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8540CC08h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E78FEB42h
sub     eax, 0A3BB941Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B0E9245Bh
sub     eax, 60F5D725h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 126D3ABFh
xor     eax, 45988E06h
add     eax, 182D0E8Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 82873891h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0E7522796h
xor     eax, 0AD75BFE0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0CFDEC126h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C2AA6A9Dh
xor     eax, 90CC857Ch
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 23789CBDh
add     eax, 21A2A74Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 29284537h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AA8BF147h
sub     eax, 506952E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 7019BDD1h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 555955BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7F8905D8h
xor     eax, 2B0FBF99h
add     eax, 0F5119267h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 5DA84D55h
sub     eax, 64F80096h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8A9D16ABh
xor     eax, 0ED9C02DFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0C7FB6DE4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0D1C86216h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0DF70632Bh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 80414CFFh
xor     eax, 0A2180DD6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E761A4DAh
xor     eax, 4A2C9F3Ch
sub     eax, 85169D61h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7F246ECDh
add     eax, 9C40B874h
sub     eax, 8D9A9A06h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 67C9CB78h
xor     eax, 0FB348B6Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 27112F3Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 4E5B2342h
add     eax, 6AB5398Fh
sub     eax, 7FE67E42h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0E87C53C9h
xor     eax, 6BDDD7D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A4A2A5DEh
sub     eax, 0EE3C0414h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B1C01AC0h
add     eax, 0A22572C3h
add     eax, 0E5693CE8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 465EE033h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 156085B8h
sub     eax, 0BF03496Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B2E19687h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 98DA95DCh
xor     eax, 2EA64FA6h
add     eax, 48AB7F6Ah
add     eax, 9BAE814Fh
sub     eax, 0F2FD09DBh
xor     eax, 0FAB7C78Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8BA0A746h
add     eax, 427C7D6Eh
sub     eax, 0D3B9BB99h
sub     eax, 8AB5F4FFh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 5A9B9CA8h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0F6A10A8Ch
sub     eax, 0D14B6F47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C965EF15h
add     eax, 5216C787h
xor     eax, 0C04B2BECh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DD16D864h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0EAE66B04h
sub     eax, 37248D1Bh
add     eax, 71DE5D09h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9E0BB29Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B76248F7h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0C908BC99h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0B3218BAFh
sub     eax, 0EF0C9F04h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 43EC8DFCh
xor     eax, 4DBFDF69h
sub     eax, 0D916B088h
xor     eax, 2875B816h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9C970547h
xor     eax, 83FDA32Ah
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D3C3E147h
xor     eax, 44634EA5h
sub     eax, 0E6764C2Ah
xor     eax, 65583C34h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 52D5DD88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A22A5B60h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 1918A938h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 578B86B6h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DE4B54D6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0F15E1623h
sub     eax, 26504215h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0A6431419h
add     eax, 0BD0228F7h
add     eax, 0FB19FA1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D6DAE0F2h
xor     eax, 0A440D17Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 2C065B44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E109339Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B57B28F9h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0BC76D5A9h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4A4A42D7h
xor     eax, 1592C821h
xor     eax, 0D9891388h
sub     eax, 2DA40EAEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0F4CFD039h
add     eax, 0FCCB2CE5h
add     eax, 25D58833h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 460CBF83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 81602EAAh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0A91DDEE5h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0BD03C823h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 69C6B04Ch
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F2ECE8E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 325CB4DBh
add     eax, 239EB30Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3F80B950h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 622D127Eh
xor     eax, 0A810040Ch
xor     eax, 5B54D077h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 54EBA038h
xor     eax, 0AC4BBAC0h
sub     eax, 1E1910D6h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0E34C114Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 3D1D0C90h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0A906C256h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 4A86C4C0h
xor     eax, 1B265EA8h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 7CB9A4ACh
sub     eax, 0FAF3BA75h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FFD9802Dh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 60A612C4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9D7668CEh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5F4220A6h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 542F6768h
sub     eax, 0CD198D2Ah
add     eax, 1EDFF940h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0C98E4494h
sub     eax, 7BB5015Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 658C9111h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 2F36B764h
sub     eax, 0DF26D928h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 910A5C17h
xor     eax, 0F02D5A13h
add     eax, 46988569h
add     eax, 64D67A10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 95CC7028h
sub     eax, 658049DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 13EC196Fh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7B87B542h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 34DC2D35h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C900086Ah
sub     eax, 0E4743CE7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FC159FDCh
xor     eax, 17CDA2DEh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 16CFFF8Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 878EA17Dh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0DEC5BDF1h
add     eax, 0B1E920EFh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C7620B62h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC1E72B5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 954C4859h
xor     eax, 9D251272h
xor     eax, 96B08823h
sub     eax, 627ADE2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BF2859AEh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EEA64ADEh
sub     eax, 0A1E2C888h
xor     eax, 0E56B21EEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 71FD78A8h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 92FA0969h
add     eax, 4EB9F6BFh
sub     eax, 13C7D4AFh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 71E16040h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0F2774B2Bh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 2F5BFFFFh
xor     eax, 7C13090Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 353F28FCh
sub     eax, 0A64CE6EBh
add     eax, 33E9D443h
sub     eax, 0A2F842D9h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1AA3655Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 15D3C296h
add     eax, 0EDD67A2Eh
sub     eax, 215D8CDDh
xor     eax, 42245200h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C007A568h
xor     eax, 661FECA8h
xor     eax, 18E12512h
xor     eax, 0D6508891h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 3A1FC14Ch
sub     eax, 221C4657h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F9B34D6Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0A7087ECBh
sub     eax, 9693F1A2h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0A4F07676h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D7BD4B4Bh
sub     eax, 8C0A6DF8h
sub     eax, 7EF2298Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2E9BA3D2h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 16D8D56Dh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D6F31C49h
add     eax, 90E3F2D7h
xor     eax, 0BC18A6A3h
add     eax, 6E89FD56h
not     eax
add     eax, 153745E8h
add     eax, 0D8F4051Bh
xor     eax, 6B4A1E7Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8783A792h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AEE9CE23h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 41DDDBE4h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 61F19BF1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 56F1ACCAh
xor     eax, 7F74241Fh
add     eax, 0D00A7673h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DA74B2FDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BF752C38h
add     eax, 0A5223819h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6F6F4686h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0E5B638EEh
sub     eax, 5DACA713h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EB89C964h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0FCFD180Bh
sub     eax, 4FE2E600h
xor     eax, 661499F0h
sub     eax, 2340239Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5D099FE1h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 264132ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B750895Dh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0AB30C588h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8D7019E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9B8A6FC8h
xor     eax, 7AF636F5h
add     eax, 39415375h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9E2B530Fh
xor     eax, 2B1A9CBDh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CA7281D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3ACC3169h
xor     eax, 0D27F4EE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 49D22357h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 780A5821h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E9D57C46h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 25071E75h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 961B52AEh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6AFAD2CAh
sub     eax, 0D2B5CF42h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0B802A4E9h
add     eax, 40EF3BA5h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E3C69404h
not     eax
add     eax, 4A218998h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C21D26C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C28837DDh
add     eax, 90E8DA0Dh
sub     eax, 0B4FDF5C4h
xor     eax, 0AEF71771h
xor     eax, 442019EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 324F8401h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0ADB4CEF3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E2511FF6h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0C389D075h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 36B35F88h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 96BE1E85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3A361D2h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 37765634h
xor     eax, 42C9132Dh
sub     eax, 674AE710h
add     eax, 0DE8B19E5h
sub     eax, 576E6F04h
sub     eax, 0C5A1DDC5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F272AD5Eh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0EADCB3B0h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0EA32BC26h
xor     eax, 4A14205Dh
xor     eax, 0BD68FD00h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 8B47B347h
add     eax, 47149558h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 52694D0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 340E0F50h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 8697E043h
add     eax, 0EA5F0CEAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DA83C6A6h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0C6EB5EE2h
add     eax, 0A7305B01h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0FE503809h
sub     eax, 3B721FA1h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0E0DF70C9h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 219AA3A7h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0C8C56D20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B1CE82E5h
add     eax, 2489E64Fh
sub     eax, 4F028D86h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 30F70396h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BF9B43C4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5C457EF9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2DFAA3A9h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 37E245F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F1C87340h
xor     eax, 6A5C4C5Eh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 7A1E4646h
add     eax, 0BE77F610h
add     eax, 19DB7BCDh
xor     eax, 0FB54B3B4h
xor     eax, 99462F8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EEE60B9Fh
xor     eax, 56B85EC5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 7B99E8F1h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DC048B1Fh
xor     eax, 0A3CE9428h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 80D7F7F9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3A9A09DAh
sub     eax, 0BCC77FBAh
sub     eax, 38E477DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 55637A3Bh
xor     eax, 5697CFC6h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5FC55AA2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0D86C2692h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0AA130A01h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E00128FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0F06ED9DAh
add     eax, 131C974Bh
xor     eax, 77D49251h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5682D1CBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CD212E4Fh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4FB373F1h
xor     eax, 1BF281BEh
xor     eax, 0D8BE888Ah
add     eax, 0F74F857Ah
xor     eax, 0DE6833D5h
xor     eax, 0FA9B2E24h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 7941D488h
add     eax, 0D24EB2F9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 87AB82CEh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 4FC8E907h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 67147CA5h
sub     eax, 0A5277C2Bh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0E62C31F1h
sub     eax, 0E8666F48h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 2A521F92h
xor     eax, 0A42E4463h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 452A8A8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B6C24165h
xor     eax, 0DE741426h
xor     eax, 0DC6C6BC4h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 3D8EB1A5h
sub     eax, 62266C96h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 150798B2h
xor     eax, 94AF41B4h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0BE056080h
sub     eax, 8E64C7A1h
xor     eax, 136A3060h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0B73DEC80h
sub     eax, 0A8A19CF8h
sub     eax, 0A991016Eh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 35B6A512h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AB33C8A1h
xor     eax, 0B14B9B38h
sub     eax, 49365E0Bh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 4E073B42h
add     eax, 0AE8EAEA2h
xor     eax, 0D68A445Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 493A9685h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3BA45BF8h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 593E657Eh
xor     eax, 0E36C7A53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 2C8EBC3Ah
add     eax, 0F7337A68h
xor     eax, 5EB5E3EFh
add     eax, 0D930B11Dh
sub     eax, 0F9783639h
xor     eax, 8D24B411h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 79FA0FA5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C10D1D5Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0B33A2E6Fh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0BA2F344Eh
sub     eax, 0F2CD2370h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0CCC5AED5h
sub     eax, 70571CCCh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 6EF392B2h
not     eax
add     eax, 6DD3BB79h
sub     eax, 0C0D7AFC8h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 611B96EBh
add     eax, 0B99FBFA5h
sub     eax, 6ECEB59Dh
sub     eax, 2615FE5Fh
xor     eax, 0C664BD23h
add     eax, 5784AC45h
sub     eax, 7D14A6A5h
sub     eax, 0D2A0D2A3h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 5BA7BAAEh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AA2896D0h
xor     eax, 9854E34Ch
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 4E807E34h
add     eax, 3EB40BB2h
add     eax, 266953D1h
add     eax, 68B3C344h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 116CA43Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C73E6609h
add     eax, 9E8EBDA0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 69D672D5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0A66757C6h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0A503FF29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 2A74A1ABh
add     eax, 28CF1FA3h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 4266E5CCh
sub     eax, 40CAF978h
xor     eax, 848A80AEh
xor     eax, 0FBED3A5Eh
xor     eax, 0E0532D34h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 5415212Fh
xor     eax, 399F4C2Dh
add     eax, 1D3EAB08h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 956922DBh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 56CAECE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D6509891h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7A81B6CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 46090803h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 16495638h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 44594FAAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DCF242D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C1009A49h
add     eax, 0A25EB05Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AE6CBC2Ch
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 752867E7h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 4DD93413h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0B46F7917h
add     eax, 1CE8E51Eh
xor     eax, 298BAE84h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 423EDDF6h
add     eax, 2190EF07h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0FE21C3E0h
sub     eax, 6A6B84F9h
xor     eax, 0D43AC5B5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E1E865F3h
sub     eax, 31469D0Ch
xor     eax, 588D510Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 59BA2ADDh
xor     eax, 5D27CB92h
sub     eax, 0D136B17Bh
sub     eax, 9514ECB5h
xor     eax, 0B08C9572h
add     eax, 4E12ED9Ah
add     eax, 3504B08Bh
xor     eax, 0F92F1BB2h
add     eax, 0FB9AEEA7h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0B1547E0Ah
add     eax, 40318C48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 8EABEC94h
add     eax, 6F172D87h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9C8FACCEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6C8A346Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 494D623Ch
add     eax, 8D7CE097h
add     eax, 0C7186647h
add     eax, 0ADCC93F3h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 8986C83Fh
xor     eax, 3E07F19Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5A8EB0D6h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 7B8C0712h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 2C3E935Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 1826958Bh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 1E63563Dh
sub     eax, 71EFF781h
sub     eax, 22705513h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 1BD8567Dh
add     eax, 0C1AAFE22h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6DDC2690h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 868CB2EFh
xor     eax, 8F749560h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E813E77h
sub     eax, 889C0ABFh
xor     eax, 0C1E05644h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 67BF21BAh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E7260E96h
sub     eax, 0B4FD03DCh
add     eax, 469A18DDh
sub     eax, 23DE78FCh
add     eax, 5167B1DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 2DF3A731h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 59212FE0h
add     eax, 281EE462h
xor     eax, 74E95639h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D3B3AE2Eh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0F8B46347h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 325271E9h
xor     eax, 0AB3FD78Bh
sub     eax, 900A156Ah
xor     eax, 0BF0693A7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 43C4B36Fh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 725B5473h
xor     eax, 594740BBh
add     eax, 152B59A2h
xor     eax, 5745C6A3h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DBEA2A48h
add     eax, 534BB232h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 9C73B306h
sub     eax, 13F77945h
sub     eax, 0D7D37926h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0DC43F42Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0DF55DD47h
sub     eax, 2FB8EBAAh
xor     eax, 0B397B186h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0F784E0F0h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 968E6E91h
sub     eax, 8571B659h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0BCFB1BF2h
sub     eax, 0D6730443h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E9C3909Ch
add     eax, 295FBBDBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C2509F14h
add     eax, 59E423D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 6B417D4Ch
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 549CF880h
sub     eax, 9C9E547Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 8B0F5B92h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D1B8153Ah
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 28A80267h
sub     eax, 19F45EE4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4180A385h
sub     eax, 0CA042684h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5A064BF3h
add     eax, 8837CC55h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0DF644ED9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8568818Eh
sub     eax, 6A538A45h
sub     eax, 0D59A75D2h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F4A059BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6881BD9Bh
sub     eax, 0A7D70272h
sub     eax, 9AD9EA12h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0A9ED16D4h
xor     eax, 8DAF480Ah
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 51007768h
xor     eax, 3093DE6Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 4A14F11Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0F42A2A36h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0F0DD6330h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CDCE9232h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8711EBD0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 936AA03Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 82943261h
xor     eax, 17347AA4h
add     eax, 800D359Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0FA78E857h
xor     eax, 54A11406h
add     eax, 0C7FC9B3Bh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 79C2CDEFh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 42119076h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EF599212h
xor     eax, 165853FEh
add     eax, 2154B72Ah
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8A3F65C8h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 939F2E26h
not     eax
add     eax, 5B212DB3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1C1E7C8Eh
xor     eax, 94C2CB0Ch
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 734C0B15h
add     eax, 0DF44E0FCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EEF42B8Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 2FF257CEh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 8602F6F4h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EFEFACB6h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 45B87CFEh
xor     eax, 0E8486D5Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 34208D98h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0C1DC5ABBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 656D2617h
sub     eax, 0A708568Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 2D7ECA0Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 8C6BA7F4h
sub     eax, 0E2B5E113h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 11B224D2h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0D0BD6576h
xor     eax, 40FA3057h
xor     eax, 0D3D4FACEh
xor     eax, 4B815854h
add     eax, 37773191h
sub     eax, 59510642h
sub     eax, 4913A03Bh
sub     eax, 3840178Dh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 764B9646h
add     eax, 2B357099h
xor     eax, 6B3F330Ch
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0D3A7E37Fh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 9BCF9B6Eh
sub     eax, 220D33F1h
sub     eax, 0C3C8251Eh
sub     eax, 7D37CE25h
sub     eax, 0EA2557A7h
xor     eax, 376101D6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D70D6FECh
xor     eax, 0F0719585h
sub     eax, 14F208BDh
add     eax, 0CCA25995h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6FE06E3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0F8A79492h
add     eax, 3C61FBA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5D1D0D41h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0B149B52Ah
xor     eax, 0A93539FBh
add     eax, 60249DB5h
sub     eax, 4C02BD30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 6B6B260Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A7C43F6Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 738083E7h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 8624D01Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D222FEE1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 8B98A89Ah
sub     eax, 390288B5h
add     eax, 83E43A22h
sub     eax, 1A555A7Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F29E55F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EFD821F3h
xor     eax, 6F9024E5h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 86615892h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4362F5C1h
xor     eax, 0BE0E1B36h
xor     eax, 5E3B7172h
sub     eax, 0CF15516Bh
sub     eax, 400C74DFh
xor     eax, 9D855201h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BCF7732Bh
add     eax, 0EFC828BAh
xor     eax, 9E078BE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 902A69BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B4BCA735h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C6DABE0Ch
xor     eax, 7CE98381h
sub     eax, 624EF857h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 40A7EFECh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7D263855h
not     eax
add     eax, 69F1F2A3h
add     eax, 2E468BACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F92A953Bh
xor     eax, 0C79760EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B658C380h
sub     eax, 6C76AA19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 422F8310h
sub     eax, 86134E17h
add     eax, 53C0D2B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 59F36E99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5FEC7C0Eh
sub     eax, 0CD39A27Eh
add     eax, 5C14D0BBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9133EE49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A8459632h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EC71F6DEh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 237BF657h
add     eax, 0C0D60714h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C0BFA879h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0AC061421h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D130B685h
add     eax, 1F67980Eh
xor     eax, 0E1035163h
xor     eax, 544DFBB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CB12A126h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 29DC0D6Eh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6ADD1486h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 43C56560h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5F98D959h
xor     eax, 2BC4AA7Eh
add     eax, 0A4292E82h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0E470D68Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 989B155Fh
sub     eax, 7B0EC629h
add     eax, 1EBDD073h
sub     eax, 6071636Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9064A4B1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 71C50A97h
sub     eax, 0DE0CDB3Dh
xor     eax, 5684A3B1h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 236C6D02h
add     eax, 0E4C179F7h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0D234BA48h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 26D90DC3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A8A6FDACh
sub     eax, 0CA02AE48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 49CBEFA1h
sub     eax, 4BF5F9CDh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C32CE64Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 32D2B8B0h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0FEC52C19h
xor     eax, 8A7C1435h
add     eax, 77A78D4Eh
sub     eax, 17937464h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0B8149090h
sub     eax, 0B0E1957Ah
xor     eax, 0F7CD2C17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 10247ACBh
sub     eax, 6247D08Bh
sub     eax, 0EF8C08CFh
sub     eax, 0F1BF5E9Ch
sub     eax, 59B28F60h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C41E45B2h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0B7D92DB8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D347154Ah
xor     eax, 392FA7D9h
xor     eax, 0BA8908A1h
sub     eax, 700035A4h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 62ADF36Eh
add     eax, 0E7D2A10Ah
sub     eax, 55A78906h
xor     eax, 5304E143h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0E1E8AE0Eh
sub     eax, 4F89CC7Bh
xor     eax, 0ADAF1207h
sub     eax, 0CBC1488Ah
sub     eax, 1B489060h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0F04A6E1Ch
sub     eax, 27AF9836h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0AB527D3Bh
add     eax, 8F33A792h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 2BD988D6h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 9EF81A83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 1FF80426h
sub     eax, 60A6FCF2h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0BDCBB42Dh
sub     eax, 0EC46D175h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9B627603h
add     eax, 425D5DF1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0EF491F6Ch
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5DD8557Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 6236EDC0h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 15BE9D66h
add     eax, 98AEE87Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0DC45B6ECh
add     eax, 93243756h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2D44545Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A6857E34h
xor     eax, 38210998h
xor     eax, 100612B6h
xor     eax, 0D1F7DEAFh
sub     eax, 0FBC157FBh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 480A05A9h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 549FD398h
xor     eax, 6DD39DFFh
xor     eax, 98941DC7h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 46D3208Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 4B4506EAh
sub     eax, 32708BAEh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 7CAF5C55h
sub     eax, 7D256E97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DE1342AFh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0CC60900Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 4D8F778Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0DFBE3273h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7DC5D6B2h
sub     eax, 1762D6A9h
sub     eax, 5B11A5E4h
sub     eax, 9D7CBBD2h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 96AB9D0Ch
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0B5C54838h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0AF034684h
xor     eax, 0F0E363EAh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 940694ADh
xor     eax, 0B46BB6A2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0D0643982h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3D024316h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 523BC45Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 99A3973Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B8707CEDh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CD51D97Ch
add     eax, 0D1BB50C7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EEC12702h
xor     eax, 0CF8C705Eh
xor     eax, 63F8DEB3h
add     eax, 0FBECC991h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0A9B7C88Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C20E7D7Bh
xor     eax, 0FB7E200Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 5B32A526h
sub     eax, 85DD6F61h
xor     eax, 0B2715DA0h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 7BA03A09h
sub     eax, 0DE1FEB0Fh
xor     eax, 0F89F28C4h
sub     eax, 4C8B11FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FFF1279Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C195E253h
sub     eax, 0A2A40868h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C63F7B4Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 3A84EB19h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0AFBA5C2Ch
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0E39ED9A1h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0EE9A11E7h
xor     eax, 0C14B2247h
add     eax, 0D4FFDA68h
add     eax, 0FCB6A464h
add     eax, 69359909h
sub     eax, 730E1FDDh
add     eax, 0B5EFB9D4h
sub     eax, 0E5CDDE77h
not     eax
xor     eax, 873500AFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6F141733h
add     eax, 0E472C523h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0BF56BC4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0F673B851h
add     eax, 4F300399h
sub     eax, 2C104787h
sub     eax, 61F6285Fh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0B10C276Dh
sub     eax, 6CACC4D2h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 21FD81BDh
add     eax, 0B34BBC15h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 43A721E4h
sub     eax, 0C17418C8h
xor     eax, 0B5241029h
xor     eax, 5AF7FBC9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EBF17B25h
xor     eax, 220CC1A7h
sub     eax, 0D6AA129Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0BBB95C28h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0DECDA578h
xor     eax, 1C538055h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0E32C3FC9h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 55E7BECDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 15CA9F7Eh
xor     eax, 0D4C923A7h
xor     eax, 82505394h
add     eax, 1619F2A5h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0AFC87E76h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B85059E7h
add     eax, 8B87E37Eh
add     eax, 2293B8FCh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0C5443A12h
xor     eax, 0A11E7FEFh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 3C1539C3h
xor     eax, 58B29CF4h
add     eax, 0BD624EBFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BCD56AA2h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0B7462CB8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5CE7E077h
xor     eax, 0E7F120B6h
sub     eax, 6B4CD410h
xor     eax, 1E2FE952h
sub     eax, 0C454ABE1h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 6960ECAAh
add     eax, 902F92D9h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 57B79924h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 13B5384Eh
sub     eax, 0B0F5F96Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0EB7057F9h
add     eax, 0F830A9D5h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E0985E2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 51C5715Eh
xor     eax, 31E80C92h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D1687581h
sub     eax, 51FD55CFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ED7603D0h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 6CC31135h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EAEE00F6h
sub     eax, 45B6A515h
sub     eax, 88F7C14Ch
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 9F4E1217h
xor     eax, 0C78F03F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A2948D6Bh
add     eax, 69F20C90h
add     eax, 0EFC7D917h
sub     eax, 4985AEA2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 83912F49h
sub     eax, 153430E9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9E9AFD58h
xor     eax, 0C066558Dh
xor     eax, 2E90F4FCh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2D207235h
xor     eax, 0E27A6BFAh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0C98FEC63h
not     eax
sub     eax, 98791249h
xor     eax, 94CF261Fh
sub     eax, 0D77772A2h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 6725BA4Ah
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0C9DEEF77h
add     eax, 951292C8h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0EA0E5ABEh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 98618BA7h
add     eax, 3FF4E42Fh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 3F59BE71h
sub     eax, 0D0FC009Eh
sub     eax, 0B6CF73F6h
add     eax, 8DFFBF2Dh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0F2291ED2h
add     eax, 0F8570AFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 3A1CC0B8h
sub     eax, 23CF52B9h
xor     eax, 1A11CB51h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 48E06F4Bh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 70A3E2E7h
add     eax, 67E2976Ch
add     eax, 0C677873Bh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 84EC1CFFh
xor     eax, 887F9297h
sub     eax, 365801F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 22205C3Ch
add     eax, 757BFE23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BFDFE8E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7F27BC18h
xor     eax, 365D8363h
not     eax
add     eax, 15C086C0h
xor     eax, 0B9DC580Ah
xor     eax, 2383DB7Ah
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E9EB5787h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 944A21FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0CDFC928Ah
sub     eax, 99BEE420h
add     eax, 719D4ADAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2B8B436Ah
add     eax, 4F5AF7F7h
sub     eax, 6B0708BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4C8262E5h
sub     eax, 0AC96DD40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 2D0277B7h
xor     eax, 0CADEBD8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 13BAB41Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 164BDABBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DE0FF155h
sub     eax, 94AC8250h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 5E35D420h
sub     eax, 0C26E0E0Eh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E5664BB9h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 2331B2C1h
xor     eax, 0EB93B4BCh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5ED5AC18h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0C65D9843h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6A0734D8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0AAAD592Bh
xor     eax, 4B5E82E7h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0CA135BB1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5B079AF8h
add     eax, 0BFEC5728h
not     eax
add     eax, 6D90F36Ah
add     eax, 2833BFA7h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 35845893h
xor     eax, 23603720h
sub     eax, 459DD3E9h
xor     eax, 187A02E9h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FB945532h
sub     eax, 9EA58D12h
add     eax, 7A582855h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0DAB45B19h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 8E165BACh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 5E76A93Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0CC833AF9h
add     eax, 5B1F056Dh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3D05759Bh
add     eax, 93E5C5A6h
not     eax
add     eax, 8CDDBBE3h
xor     eax, 66A66DFCh
sub     eax, 42AA7EC4h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0CD9B152Ch
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0A383A676h
xor     eax, 0E20B37B8h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 16AFC735h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0C55A3EFFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1BED662Ch
xor     eax, 0E31AA4EDh
xor     eax, 0B2C2362Ah
sub     eax, 3F479313h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 156888ECh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0DD5A1273h
add     eax, 3C31F2B3h
add     eax, 517963C7h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0D7763FC8h
sub     eax, 0B9A2BECAh
add     eax, 0DCF84859h
xor     eax, 22E1D06Bh
add     eax, 0E208C43Ch
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 53214E57h
sub     eax, 3E4473E2h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 18735DE7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0B4D7EDA7h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 627028F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 8DBE13CCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6E2381BEh
add     eax, 725B78E0h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 2BB4D85Dh
add     eax, 0AD3760E3h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1C925AFCh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 843955F6h
xor     eax, 0F6AE9CE9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1E0816BCh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0A34F5290h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3DDA4C41h
sub     eax, 82E5B463h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 91062631h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0BC8A2AD1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8A0DE943h
sub     eax, 9A6DD5FBh
sub     eax, 0D421723Bh
xor     eax, 0A909C746h
sub     eax, 6596574Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 10AED805h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0F7BCDD9Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 10A9BDC2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0BAFBE8B1h
add     eax, 0AF574105h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 7C75327Eh
sub     eax, 151CB23Ah
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 5EB07947h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 954A3CD2h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 43DD0B62h
add     eax, 54989C16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 68D53A72h
sub     eax, 89A179F4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CED48D0Dh
sub     eax, 0D3A012C0h
xor     eax, 4DA598C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FFEAA42Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8A19392Fh
xor     eax, 2C35D817h
xor     eax, 5B538F4Dh
add     eax, 3FACD7E7h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 50B1818Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B7AED4A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0DBE09A15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9742F50Ch
add     eax, 0B48811B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E3E92023h
sub     eax, 866B2D3Ah
sub     eax, 0E803DC3Ch
xor     eax, 2849B080h
sub     eax, 0D0B6FDA8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 521A64ADh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 836F15AAh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0DCB91FC5h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 864CF937h
xor     eax, 3FE63555h
xor     eax, 0DA4F4F06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 2A4E97E6h
add     eax, 21424D9Bh
xor     eax, 729A74B0h
sub     eax, 12CDA3BFh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F43DD723h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C9E2599Eh
add     eax, 9CA61346h
xor     eax, 0A6BD41CBh
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F7F5F11Dh
add     eax, 737B8795h
xor     eax, 2DD97012h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8B80FA6Bh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 9D8A1618h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0FBF1C62Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 288D98E1h
sub     eax, 901986E4h
xor     eax, 0F1E62717h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 33F50B78h
add     eax, 0EFA17CA1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 41C86D76h
add     eax, 0DE58B018h
sub     eax, 534A22FDh
not     eax
add     eax, 641E0B54h
sub     eax, 29D8C0A0h
add     eax, 0D5D1428Eh
xor     eax, 0B59DD0BFh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 4A09444Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0C7C42CCFh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 3C031FF2h
sub     eax, 401FD802h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C11D1A6Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0B433F688h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9286FE1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 96C5F6B5h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0D6135DE4h
add     eax, 26458D16h
sub     eax, 0F45A81FBh
add     eax, 8CE352F1h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9024B763h
xor     eax, 81282049h
sub     eax, 0B5F538DEh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D805DFAFh
xor     eax, 1AC2CEFEh
sub     eax, 0FB18DE09h
xor     eax, 254A2AB5h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 702695E6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FC14FF1Eh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0B6A80E05h
add     eax, 0A2FD98DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 66E26F38h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7D9B824Fh
sub     eax, 2CC219D0h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0F555B8CCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0CAB8A6D0h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0F5EECC7Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 31982A00h
xor     eax, 0B5D447ECh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 7A37BA67h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0E4359C5Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 42E9967Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3C7D2CC4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E192F188h
xor     eax, 1886E6C4h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0D7F3A910h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 7353F68Ah
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0BF1E2586h
xor     eax, 7012845Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 5BAD1D8Ch
xor     eax, 70A277C5h
sub     eax, 0F0D15BECh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0C3501EFCh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4BF8653Fh
xor     eax, 83CB8E6Ah
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0CBA6B3E6h
add     eax, 95584D72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DA738241h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 436F467Dh
xor     eax, 541AA74Fh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 28A3E353h
xor     eax, 9BCA763Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DBFB6B01h
xor     eax, 9001277Bh
sub     eax, 0CA7C53C0h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B5FDEC5Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C4DAFE3Dh
sub     eax, 626E5263h
xor     eax, 0DC3F82F8h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0F894C4C4h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 379799B4h
sub     eax, 91920055h
sub     eax, 969CFBC8h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0D14F3649h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 24B7660Bh
xor     eax, 65649165h
add     eax, 0B3DE5BE7h
xor     eax, 82F8403Bh
sub     eax, 62467E78h
add     eax, 0D6474A71h
sub     eax, 0C9F38A1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0E71B9AA8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 65545DCCh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0ADD0EBB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 29AEE11Dh
xor     eax, 9A47BFCCh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 76F366E9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7C8FB9E0h
add     eax, 8A8D2030h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2A6AAD4Dh
add     eax, 4C52B20Bh
xor     eax, 0ABD1A3B3h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 334F8399h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 15FDD7CFh
add     eax, 29B804AEh
xor     eax, 0F00360A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B48F7DAAh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EFE766EBh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AD519D7Fh
add     eax, 73F864FBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0ACBFED4Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9A752949h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 6BA7BF5Eh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 81654671h
sub     eax, 0DA95E93Ah
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0FEC36D90h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 8724281Eh
add     eax, 0C15F49F2h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AA5BAD9Ch
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 844183A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 6BBFE0D7h
xor     eax, 5BA55F33h
xor     eax, 0D94E857Eh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 9DDE4A3Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1891B9E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EC51013Ah
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CE76946Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D34F0143h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 772AC134h
add     eax, 8A2DBEE1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 69230AAEh
xor     eax, 7E97F32Fh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0BCD9CB3Fh
sub     eax, 155F11AAh
add     eax, 6D29F4A4h
xor     eax, 7C7FCEC5h
xor     eax, 77B33D44h
sub     eax, 79511E2Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A8B954E0h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3FFCB1F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9584C89Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 62457187h
xor     eax, 0E4AB9E6Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D90157A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 988C1462h
sub     eax, 17F28C60h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 2C4C78E7h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 6DA8994Fh
add     eax, 959AD153h
xor     eax, 0D7302605h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7C42F116h
add     eax, 0E10FDAB8h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0B5E1D8DDh
add     eax, 0CD07290Fh
add     eax, 0A2C956E7h
xor     eax, 33593E05h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0B96AE66Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 81BA9C62h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5738988Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0C17CCBD8h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 7A4E8321h
xor     eax, 47CF84CCh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 511D01EAh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AFE3F053h
xor     eax, 69BF6380h
sub     eax, 0E9CB6C31h
sub     eax, 91825299h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5C58F372h
add     eax, 96C0443Dh
xor     eax, 90D68FB3h
sub     eax, 0A63CA20Dh
xor     eax, 80650664h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7D85BBF0h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0A5B8F0AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CB5798DEh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E9611416h
add     eax, 7216ABCDh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 26B77B46h
sub     eax, 5DA8CCCEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2038A638h
add     eax, 762A0547h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0CAC5BB15h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B02AFC72h
xor     eax, 0D20D1FD2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0ACE07D25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 1BACB045h
add     eax, 0BAD3657Fh
xor     eax, 3553DF57h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0D7481C7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A097F2D6h
add     eax, 4168F91Eh
sub     eax, 0ACF5C638h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0E0306B4Ah
xor     eax, 0D4300BC5h
xor     eax, 7C97F1AFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7438DFD4h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 386D25F3h
add     eax, 9ACA2E3Ch
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D657D3BFh
xor     eax, 0E354AC4Dh
sub     eax, 881B1F1Bh
sub     eax, 53F3B3DEh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 62F7231Ch
xor     eax, 48B94571h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4AB60D1Ah
add     eax, 0E9E90715h
xor     eax, 88D28958h
sub     eax, 24C10B21h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 18F2F7C4h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 4922C6D4h
sub     eax, 4EDB7610h
xor     eax, 58B86E85h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 3231FD2Dh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 47FCF299h
sub     eax, 0CBB0223Ah
sub     eax, 0A5A8E04Fh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 73EAF6C1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0E5865BC8h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 9D5938F5h
xor     eax, 9EE58B6Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 64A0D792h
xor     eax, 67C70E40h
xor     eax, 7A44371Bh
sub     eax, 0ECDAA03Ch
xor     eax, 32B8544Ch
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0E2F6C14Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 626D1200h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 570B893Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 17083256h
add     eax, 28C92256h
add     eax, 538CD8BDh
xor     eax, 40CEB3B4h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 4EB6E498h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DF67232Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5B84F7CCh
xor     eax, 491EA9D1h
xor     eax, 4757DA2Eh
sub     eax, 602D526Ah
add     eax, 6492F81Ch
add     eax, 3EE7EB01h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2F8EA6DCh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 8E1941AAh
not     eax
add     eax, 405A9DF2h
sub     eax, 0E301A732h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 12007897h
add     eax, 5E4D8A67h
add     eax, 6FA1BE01h
sub     eax, 0BB896F28h
sub     eax, 33CBD67Dh
add     eax, 2180E960h
add     eax, 0F8CD0F97h
sub     eax, 0F6BDDEE1h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0CFAA5D56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 46FD6303h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FB68B316h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5AFBE707h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A5FD8BF2h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0B931BCC9h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 998489B9h
xor     eax, 0AA85357Ah
add     eax, 0E899D4C1h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0F2CA4031h
xor     eax, 96B3143Bh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 6C150A7Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 68E8E115h
sub     eax, 5C7CBE43h
xor     eax, 6BC4D742h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A4958D57h
xor     eax, 0D825644Ah
add     eax, 0A6FE7BF8h
xor     eax, 7D1319D0h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0D80A3D80h
sub     eax, 0F0CC0BA4h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0F0AC9C77h
xor     eax, 9976B95Dh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0E57AA1FFh
sub     eax, 0EB0D89FBh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0D7A30ED1h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8166D264h
add     eax, 0C325D89Bh
add     eax, 2BA1E1C7h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0EC7509C4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 4823504Dh
add     eax, 8EAA04A3h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 6DC66055h
xor     eax, 2F35241Ch
sub     eax, 85A04FD1h
xor     eax, 0A8ED028Ah
sub     eax, 638A2121h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D276E68Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 8B82B20Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F0F1D503h
sub     eax, 0BA161E5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B9131F72h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5B7EB2E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C7FA0C57h
xor     eax, 6F9F4E47h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 58FDEE8Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C21B54D1h
sub     eax, 7EDB427Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 71310360h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 4FB2EE18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C7E68585h
add     eax, 0F757F8F9h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 324DF195h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AE3EFFA6h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 607000A9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 9B44F289h
add     eax, 9420E333h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 2CC89F79h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 8E4ECF05h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0C4ADEBCCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4BB888E1h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 665E83AFh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 6542B49Eh
xor     eax, 0F6662413h
xor     eax, 431A0638h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 659EF5DEh
sub     eax, 45DCDAACh
not     eax
sub     eax, 95F80CA9h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0ABB183F4h
add     eax, 0EC64876Bh
sub     eax, 0C95C51EFh
sub     eax, 0D6DFDB55h
xor     eax, 0DA7965C4h
xor     eax, 0BD9BDCEFh
xor     eax, 161977C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D673FFCFh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 5F9AA0E4h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 45958F0Ch
xor     eax, 4F8D6819h
sub     eax, 5DB78D37h
xor     eax, 9618B93Eh
add     eax, 92495AB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0FD15AE71h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0CC904603h
add     eax, 73F077DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B4688607h
add     eax, 0E63A4298h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0C57695E3h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 407660DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 110F9B8Ah
add     eax, 0CB8638B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0BAD71E43h
xor     eax, 0ECEE388Bh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 8DEDA607h
add     eax, 913B322Fh
sub     eax, 25256109h
not     eax
add     eax, 7C020370h
not     eax
xor     eax, 15757F31h
add     eax, 2B6D067Bh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 8D059EC1h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0BB1D0EAEh
sub     eax, 88DE6A53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 27604AA2h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 6BE66015h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 18B56F0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A5FCE090h
xor     eax, 539877B2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6198ABF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 81537707h
sub     eax, 9E5CF2F7h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0F1029445h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 1C24DFF8h
sub     eax, 0C40B3DEFh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 8087E2B7h
add     eax, 0B9EF79C8h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 50A69C5Ah
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0D987873Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 20963810h
xor     eax, 0B7FD45C1h
add     eax, 397A7E88h
xor     eax, 0FA6DE9EEh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0B4B7E176h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3A03F965h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B719CA6Fh
add     eax, 0CA2D8462h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 9DB41BE9h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0DEE8298Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 641066E4h
xor     eax, 0C87D2950h
add     eax, 90D01F5Bh
xor     eax, 23BE2B07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F3CB1B13h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 40120AA5h
sub     eax, 0C56AEAA0h
xor     eax, 0B781395Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DB53CAFCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ECD04FCAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0A8CDB825h
add     eax, 0EB32BF24h
add     eax, 5E1ACDFAh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0E5C4A3A4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F81F5991h
add     eax, 8CF841F2h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 466C303Ah
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0D60D1C76h
sub     eax, 0CE963ADBh
xor     eax, 8FB97FB5h
sub     eax, 3BAF76F9h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 86103DC4h
sub     eax, 0EA2B4FE8h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 95D65811h
add     eax, 6ECC70B7h
xor     eax, 0DDB6AF1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 6FBA7646h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0EF6EA30Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FB9D50F2h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 849FE81Eh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 57E368D4h
sub     eax, 9696D040h
add     eax, 0F64415BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 2F11A7AFh
add     eax, 4071DFA7h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D3B42083h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D4A8CBE8h
add     eax, 7A68747Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0CD1CB575h
sub     eax, 0F801AD07h
not     eax
sub     eax, 64A46439h
add     eax, 93F5A4E5h
not     eax
add     eax, 1F70A9E1h
xor     eax, 82E730DFh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 22FEB0B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3470CBA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 87C57128h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0E8899CC9h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CF23793Dh
xor     eax, 82BCA40Bh
xor     eax, 8E970978h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 81CA1A59h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 26189A1Bh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 6ADCFCEDh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DC0C5F67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 130518ACh
sub     eax, 0A4ACD60Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0A27A67D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 3C9258CCh
add     eax, 134FECE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A4783A63h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0FE069F01h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 34E4C8B5h
not     eax
add     eax, 4E77C290h
xor     eax, 4AFF8664h
sub     eax, 0DAD949B0h
add     eax, 3F6D44E2h
add     eax, 1B4220C3h
add     eax, 9336C5DDh
add     eax, 5B51D33Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D257196Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7D73FB8Fh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F29A4096h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D09971F5h
sub     eax, 8D31C3ECh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 5F1D1112h
add     eax, 97A1732Bh
xor     eax, 41873727h
xor     eax, 8071E3F7h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0CFF56EBBh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0EC732378h
add     eax, 16243E2Bh
xor     eax, 95175ECEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7D6D4B5Eh
xor     eax, 0D3CE2B9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6E74F84Fh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 495F77BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 222FD414h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5DB2AA5Dh
sub     eax, 0A2221F09h
sub     eax, 0E45EF160h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0B8827EEBh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EC883BD7h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 806DA609h
sub     eax, 1811A14Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 0A5C62636h
sub     eax, 0A8592883h
sub     eax, 55279B4Dh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 585D8B4Bh
add     eax, 8D6E389Fh
sub     eax, 455FB014h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 3F842885h
sub     eax, 0F02A4A2Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A88F88FDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 9195934Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BC573FCDh
xor     eax, 0ACC5AD6Ch
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 3546A3F2h
add     eax, 0EC8C1933h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 23B5F871h
xor     eax, 0DA18630Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3C3345D5h
sub     eax, 0C9024DD9h
sub     eax, 4AB53E56h
add     eax, 0B91A11AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B5B4C6B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7413B7A2h
add     eax, 0B5F78515h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DE0B00E3h
sub     eax, 77CAEA44h
sub     eax, 0F99DB37Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 9CC8F62Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 58EDA593h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5CB5FD99h
xor     eax, 45B4171Ch
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0D8EB341Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DD7C88A8h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0AFBD9CC0h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5F30C66Fh
sub     eax, 0E39E455Fh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 4BD628ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 6B00E801h
add     eax, 0FABC1D7Eh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3A8B6823h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C0204602h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0E545EE53h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0A3094FE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8C665F80h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FD4B1D9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 74E883BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8215CA32h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 1E90146Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3E2CD45Bh
xor     eax, 50B8532Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 3BE13BA2h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0BDEAFFD5h
add     eax, 0EF559C6Dh
sub     eax, 0B95FBAC9h
xor     eax, 52E28AA7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 81C93B02h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0F2E857BAh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0AADBBCB2h
add     eax, 872F3075h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 983B40EEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7B5FCE0Ah
sub     eax, 7487C4E9h
sub     eax, 85C59090h
xor     eax, 0FD501112h
sub     eax, 3BEDCEBEh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5AAFE0A2h
xor     eax, 49D3603Bh
xor     eax, 7A22E8B9h
sub     eax, 115CD2E9h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 72D58661h
sub     eax, 639DE1F0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 67ADA78Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 4E1B2430h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0FEF359C5h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 5F09A2F4h
xor     eax, 300D8F50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 29C907E0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BB0CFFD8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F06D3E81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A55FAF4Eh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 220697C9h
xor     eax, 47A5D76Bh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 2BFCF278h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 668258BCh
sub     eax, 0FDDE8F4Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F7EAD24Dh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 1CCF0A68h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0BB65B9D0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 32FB5785h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 148FF6D9h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0EBECC1FDh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AAD79273h
xor     eax, 0F31D0B07h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 651FF15Ah
sub     eax, 323A9803h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 5831D0E5h
add     eax, 9D6A8A44h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 20AB9BB5h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0E4F8815Dh
add     eax, 0D01BCC47h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 171FDF67h
xor     eax, 0C71CFAEFh
add     eax, 0E946ECECh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0D1A52BC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 333F276Ah
add     eax, 44F3AFF4h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D0024FA4h
xor     eax, 0C2234DBBh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 10BE7FCFh
add     eax, 8B0584C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 3C0CB5E3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B2FED78Dh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0AD235DE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 386B3B2Fh
add     eax, 72F60D16h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 4E118DB8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BAFA2680h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 80DF02F0h
sub     eax, 7879ABC7h
xor     eax, 3814EA22h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0F6327949h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6F18646Dh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0BE5D1F08h
add     eax, 0BAE4880Ah
add     eax, 87F6E18Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 26A2B084h
not     eax
xor     eax, 57BC2AAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0A0F644DBh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 20D2C1D9h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C35CB1FEh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 5DFBBD57h
xor     eax, 6BBDA553h
sub     eax, 6B9C943Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A398E2CCh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0E360EDC0h
xor     eax, 6E79257Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0E2EAA45Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0DA032676h
add     eax, 278665EDh
add     eax, 99862AF6h
sub     eax, 65550540h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 50E909FEh
add     eax, 0BA7DA2D3h
xor     eax, 87953382h
xor     eax, 7EE9A911h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7EEB626Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2452A2DCh
add     eax, 0F00A1CDFh
sub     eax, 0A4F0D8F7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3547CC57h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0E80DD8B5h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0D4B55F91h
xor     eax, 0ECC53878h
add     eax, 0CCB16F0Fh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 878D98F4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 69CC4078h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2195B51Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3963F41Dh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 9E7C7C07h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 943364A2h
add     eax, 30A914F2h
sub     eax, 0A37E9B20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4A0DB0AEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 5F545E1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 9D5D1CCDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 675ACA7Ah
xor     eax, 0F6F39895h
xor     eax, 0F4BB65A0h
sub     eax, 7D73FCB8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ABBA020Eh
sub     eax, 5CFC6D69h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0F0894235h
add     eax, 0CDD4BC63h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 7314EE6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 76777D24h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 19DDF465h
not     eax
add     eax, 9F82BC0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A0E97CB2h
sub     eax, 0DB43991Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8342D060h
sub     eax, 351413BCh
sub     eax, 4CE5B556h
add     eax, 26C21788h
not     eax
sub     eax, 41D62BD3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0D72DE487h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E87D4C48h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 80ABE200h
sub     eax, 0E1B28A9Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 2EAC3728h
xor     eax, 3FB16840h
add     eax, 496C2CBAh
sub     eax, 2202A9B7h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FE7BC0A5h
add     eax, 0B2CFC2D4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7EB837FDh
xor     eax, 6CE3E009h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0CBA793E5h
xor     eax, 19701FC9h
xor     eax, 0F942597Bh
add     eax, 661E0D35h
add     eax, 0B4140F68h
sub     eax, 7022ADF3h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0FC813E10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 1929CC85h
xor     eax, 39ED4BECh
not     eax
sub     eax, 32480F1Eh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 810ED901h
sub     eax, 0C57F1057h
xor     eax, 1003D375h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 84A07D02h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 2C5FB3C0h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 58FBD85Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CA766CD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 63EC1A3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 9FB6DC34h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FDEB9890h
sub     eax, 0BB6759FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C638B2C1h
add     eax, 0D652AC43h
add     eax, 8708E258h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5164CA38h
add     eax, 0BAFA6688h
sub     eax, 6ED1D6C0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 433BCD32h
sub     eax, 28AE0D78h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 596803FBh
sub     eax, 4BD83CA5h
xor     eax, 9A766A25h
add     eax, 0E25CC613h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A5152F8Eh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0B04D6D67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 956C632Dh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0F5D09840h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0ADBEFD6Fh
sub     eax, 0CBE676E9h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B89C8D28h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C7869D46h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E3ADE0CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 878FB108h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 9EA871E5h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 28CB6832h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 41D71FDEh
xor     eax, 27D4E5D9h
sub     eax, 9A09D9C0h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DEE8CEC5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 807A9C85h
add     eax, 69F85D27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BA03829Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8339F973h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0DE4FEE6Bh
add     eax, 76C4BFA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9A71E5D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D07C5F95h
sub     eax, 0EB827EB1h
xor     eax, 2E2B98CDh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0B04836B4h
add     eax, 0B11FA950h
add     eax, 5F03F820h
sub     eax, 30342E67h
sub     eax, 0A427641Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D5D80001h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 3A74D810h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 25934E86h
add     eax, 6A9D6039h
add     eax, 5ABBE652h
xor     eax, 19764035h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 1652AF82h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D9DF420Fh
xor     eax, 9A1A36B1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A0B25DDEh
add     eax, 7B22A16Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 439AC72Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1F544035h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 1F19119Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 56E1ECAEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B4EAE752h
add     eax, 93F7C64Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A4C1B40Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0F78B5E65h
add     eax, 0CA656845h
add     eax, 68DCD4A5h
xor     eax, 0A0574081h
sub     eax, 4F6FC95Ah
sub     eax, 6E061DA2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 231E06CAh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 6C11BAD6h
xor     eax, 6BE9F438h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7F82EF64h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BF95FFF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 9C892C07h
xor     eax, 6CEBDD6Dh
xor     eax, 0C0B1A271h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 4483E305h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9AD222BFh
sub     eax, 0E978ED5Ch
sub     eax, 69D4E0A7h
add     eax, 0A137DB5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0AE939138h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1D7147D2h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 22D68A76h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 0C7E4BAC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 65E734AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0BA598114h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 29D34F6Bh
xor     eax, 0F6F2FBA5h
xor     eax, 5C493AA1h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 477C30B9h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 33D836A1h
sub     eax, 0D74EA312h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 295A26A3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3834A0C1h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 8DE5D533h
add     eax, 38F8AF25h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3E3A83DAh
xor     eax, 22244775h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 198A601Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5B2464FFh
add     eax, 4FB9DD8Dh
sub     eax, 0EE2393BCh
xor     eax, 2B850E8Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FC00A1B2h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 3B22EF08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3AD83DB4h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 6A448D98h
add     eax, 7D0C260Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 7980E4AEh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 8B810A45h
sub     eax, 46D3B8B8h
xor     eax, 0AE9CD967h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 974BA615h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 5A6C7B75h
add     eax, 0EB40AE29h
xor     eax, 0C16CD440h
xor     eax, 0D68EA5C2h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 7B1F3A1Bh
add     eax, 943FF41Dh
add     eax, 293F5798h
xor     eax, 47948A20h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 6C4C21D2h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 70250590h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C82D00F5h
sub     eax, 0A0A16761h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 770D9456h
not     eax
add     eax, 1E6E81BCh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 32810A03h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 9C6ADAADh
sub     eax, 0F0F72C27h
xor     eax, 2939EFEEh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0B015C67Bh
xor     eax, 5F496AEEh
add     eax, 26E6D1BFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A23F94D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 7735E2DFh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 30F37B33h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0F82BAD9Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 50F98972h
xor     eax, 8C18908Fh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 7BC16559h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 54B7F121h
xor     eax, 1CA965F0h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 4765965Ah
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 9ECC5D04h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0F819EA6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5D971D65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 8775586Ch
add     eax, 0FF60114Fh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 16912B29h
xor     eax, 0F9FCCD60h
xor     eax, 13F74BB8h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0AEA3DB6Bh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3AFB57B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 858BF89Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 76BFF4D5h
xor     eax, 88815917h
add     eax, 0DFFE9BCCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 9E0559DCh
sub     eax, 7200372Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0D1486F3Dh
add     eax, 0FBC0576Bh
sub     eax, 64874C6Bh
xor     eax, 3F1DA1CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2570D682h
add     eax, 40E21CA6h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 1783816Dh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 7947802Dh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 8C3997FBh
add     eax, 4A39ECCCh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 542A4D8Ch
add     eax, 0C75CCEF1h
add     eax, 785AB18Eh
sub     eax, 2C19601Ch
sub     eax, 7374A3C8h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0AFF41B26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 21CE1E14h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 8536084Eh
xor     eax, 6639CB17h
add     eax, 0D010F938h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 97AB1D8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9B8D01FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 3460C41Bh
sub     eax, 64671454h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 8A2BCFBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 27641FFAh
not     eax
add     eax, 9E3A4DA8h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9E8CD8C3h
sub     eax, 0ACFAAAF8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 9AF5BA47h
not     eax
sub     eax, 803DB427h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 856ECD84h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 22BD365Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0BC1F983Eh
add     eax, 0AB33D989h
xor     eax, 14934C93h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 617CED1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 1A579BAEh
sub     eax, 1E4E489Fh
add     eax, 95383F01h
add     eax, 7FD7AC58h
xor     eax, 7D42749Dh
sub     eax, 0E5219C82h
add     eax, 51EE7408h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 2B147B67h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DBC0F87Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 73566B55h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 312A4926h
add     eax, 54DC1AE4h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 1EEB84B5h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BA2CC019h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 911002F1h
not     eax
add     eax, 9C1D2A56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 61C9E334h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5B6FB73Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 2B6F8540h
not     eax
sub     eax, 90294D18h
sub     eax, 6D0A2DA8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 880DCE3Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8B0561EEh
add     eax, 4671EC43h
add     eax, 79501F20h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 712DB305h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0DB6EACCDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0D08AF356h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 69493A49h
sub     eax, 7D3A2697h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 65587A8Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 186DB38Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0FBFAB5B4h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 2C3214F2h
add     eax, 0FDD046F0h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 43B5096Eh
add     eax, 9F909E23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BA4EAFF8h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 4EDA2E0Fh
add     eax, 30644E2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 78C510BBh
xor     eax, 0C037957Ah
add     eax, 9D1EA972h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F6BB7C5Eh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0C171B0EFh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 86CB6CC8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 3D2140AAh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0A4BBC73Eh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0C076CD1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C1BC5916h
add     eax, 0DFCA8838h
add     eax, 0C29ED043h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0BE4C67F4h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0D9BF97B9h
sub     eax, 0D5C098ECh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D6AE8E1Dh
add     eax, 520E7B57h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 7F0F5DCEh
xor     eax, 0A5B9AA72h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0EF2523E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0FE64686Dh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0AC1BC07Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 2B4C384Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FA22A7FBh
xor     eax, 89A84485h
add     eax, 0E34B969Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0F3CB3508h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 7D1787E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E1045F0Dh
sub     eax, 9F969907h
sub     eax, 0B8CFCA3Dh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 447DF4DBh
xor     eax, 0C42551ADh
add     eax, 0F4EE3F13h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 663D9B54h
xor     eax, 24B87094h
add     eax, 0AE9F7677h
add     eax, 7FAD008Eh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0F82F923Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AE1241DDh
xor     eax, 80C686DEh
sub     eax, 9A87A36Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AA26F642h
sub     eax, 2F40B2A7h
sub     eax, 0AA4BEBBDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0C16AE957h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E422184Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 1A7B7F6Fh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 1AAD0B8Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B6B8F9F3h
sub     eax, 94415D4Eh
xor     eax, 10D19B56h
xor     eax, 74B72D95h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CD256AEEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E9E14005h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 30D06FF4h
sub     eax, 4BFBFB54h
sub     eax, 645E7CD0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 897A38C5h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B15641BEh
add     eax, 0D20FCEECh
add     eax, 0DB374A0Eh
sub     eax, 0D72DBA75h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 98D6E276h
xor     eax, 0E2FA1C2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C818D3B3h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0D0A68ABEh
add     eax, 0E322C401h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0A20FD650h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 4F876391h
xor     eax, 0C85B0F70h
sub     eax, 0EE97B1A1h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E2EB38E6h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 40F361FBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0EC292592h
add     eax, 0B2E90D20h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0D4254960h
sub     eax, 952A4D90h
add     eax, 80F930ADh
add     eax, 0B8ACF5A7h
sub     eax, 0D10EBC8Ch
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 677D24F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E5F04D9Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 7D046984h
sub     eax, 0A9DBCBC0h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0BC7FDF87h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A1979FD4h
sub     eax, 98E4ACD5h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 5428E034h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 8EF18E16h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0CD49A5A6h
add     eax, 0A3DBA81Dh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 5D876192h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 7E3831B8h
add     eax, 939C7BF9h
sub     eax, 72EC9D97h
xor     eax, 9F867DA1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 264E5622h
sub     eax, 0BAB3D610h
xor     eax, 3E8B04DCh
sub     eax, 4ECD5CB2h
sub     eax, 1A322613h
add     eax, 0F86ACF1Bh
add     eax, 5605EB14h
add     eax, 9D931955h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E41C8475h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0ABC8A013h
sub     eax, 6F8FD706h
xor     eax, 9F06D095h
not     eax
sub     eax, 871AF595h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 25482053h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B101A509h
add     eax, 2CF29618h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 2007904Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 81616308h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 9A7A094Eh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 1ED19939h
add     eax, 363973C8h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0A1DC457Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B4CBF470h
add     eax, 8F4C7BF7h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0B58F0A29h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B7EF2C33h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B15F99A6h
sub     eax, 0ABC586F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 22072CD8h
add     eax, 596D33B9h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 499441CCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A6EA0DD7h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 21C84CB3h
xor     eax, 0FC869466h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0EBB4E5B8h
xor     eax, 254E5ED8h
add     eax, 6783D40Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 243C50C7h
xor     eax, 91D43B79h
add     eax, 744CB2E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 32FD71D1h
xor     eax, 6151E2FEh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0B321814Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 7DD59479h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 7EE60902h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D1B62A6Fh
sub     eax, 5D854B6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0F2AE8878h
xor     eax, 3BC44E9Ah
add     eax, 211C1BF3h
sub     eax, 0BCFF8B2Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 87B72FE0h
add     eax, 25455421h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F144A1BDh
xor     eax, 2199DFC3h
add     eax, 8955A636h
sub     eax, 0EE6590DEh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0F862A73Bh
add     eax, 0ECB555A0h
sub     eax, 5691FB48h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 382DCBEFh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 8F849D40h
sub     eax, 0CF0827E8h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 7647227Ch
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5BC84D18h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 75F009ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 2B805113h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8DD311C3h
add     eax, 9835C805h
add     eax, 481D26A3h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 7AD7CA8Bh
sub     eax, 62E34B45h
add     eax, 0CFE9BE41h
sub     eax, 0E381F75Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 8EB3878Ah
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 68BD79EEh
sub     eax, 0B0ADFF61h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0EEC16BA3h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 4B48E52Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D3E7D8Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 8EF6D3EFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 3AE59CB4h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0FE3FD437h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0AF552F69h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0D9EB41A5h
sub     eax, 0FAF15FF8h
add     eax, 3F8FD39Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E339D434h
sub     eax, 0D7143A75h
sub     eax, 411397D7h
xor     eax, 0A400B8CCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 404EA48Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 9FF351B5h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 1162BE31h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 92807F81h
sub     eax, 5A5CE7B7h
add     eax, 0F0EC9C07h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 64CB005Ah
add     eax, 22AE2531h
add     eax, 0A8D50A7Ch
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0D920D73Ch
xor     eax, 0D677DE9Eh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 74C23789h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4CD44A69h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 71E95CEBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0EB2AE61Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 2E41BDD0h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0A5896A3Dh
sub     eax, 0F0FB0FBBh
add     eax, 45CB5643h
sub     eax, 0CC23292Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 7E60CBC7h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 42876A92h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 7BAC1D0Eh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 44403E79h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 87DBB989h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0BF9093B2h
sub     eax, 548AD932h
not     eax
xor     eax, 45FC88D5h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 9C146AF9h
xor     eax, 473F74A8h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 72CA802Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 43F1CDF4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 37DE9669h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 9EE8236Ch
add     eax, 0CC78F95Fh
add     eax, 0C523C5E2h
xor     eax, 736CD34Ch
sub     eax, 26ADFA52h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5AAA7D76h
sub     eax, 7413B54Eh
add     eax, 385D280Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 73DE14A4h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0EA9D7D67h
sub     eax, 0F8341E5Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0D45462D5h
add     eax, 8FCDB184h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 24B5E940h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BBFF32DBh
sub     eax, 0C06D69DDh
xor     eax, 0FB9ED1BFh
add     eax, 632CA850h
sub     eax, 40EBD34Fh
sub     eax, 0A622E7B0h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0CC45377Ch
xor     eax, 0E8D72782h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C5DAD303h
add     eax, 2AECA4C4h
add     eax, 40F043C8h
sub     eax, 0DA3DCA41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1349C1DEh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 7A9BF28Ah
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 9D9E5700h
add     eax, 9DC1F03Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 40975D62h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0ABA820A5h
sub     eax, 3977DC0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 91194A2Dh
add     eax, 0D4CF1DDDh
xor     eax, 871076B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D79D0003h
not     eax
add     eax, 585EF517h
sub     eax, 0A6EA6C17h
add     eax, 572FA3ECh
add     eax, 0EEDA2965h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 3C8D1064h
xor     eax, 936035A0h
xor     eax, 0EE3808DAh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 39749B53h
sub     eax, 57E55926h
xor     eax, 0B27922A3h
xor     eax, 39286B87h
xor     eax, 0A73E6F3Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 85459046h
xor     eax, 739F2485h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D3D68C43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1E9FBD91h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0CB00575Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 2BF090F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CEE7B6E9h
sub     eax, 0B7D9EED5h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 3779B2E8h
xor     eax, 0D117AFE1h
add     eax, 0DF9E1D8Eh
xor     eax, 0BD50BBE2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 71DF6AFBh
add     eax, 0FE98A9ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2E418539h
sub     eax, 0EC9D5C9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A30EE7FFh
xor     eax, 0FE473E00h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 62074F95h
sub     eax, 3EB178D2h
xor     eax, 13512B71h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 24102952h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 48B4B76Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 48B08C05h
add     eax, 0C4057133h
sub     eax, 0C65BC5A6h
add     eax, 0FD76B695h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 37D192D8h
xor     eax, 0A0E5B5D9h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0C5F2ACCBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2E60DD5Dh
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 16FFB382h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0A59B0008h
sub     eax, 228A8F3Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 3C95FAD0h
sub     eax, 0C5F5512Ch
xor     eax, 0F72F5C5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C0C1A8AFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0B794AA2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 37F824E5h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 9D854AE3h
xor     eax, 5FFA9239h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 4B8306ABh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 931D20E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9362415Fh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 224D68ABh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 83FED389h
sub     eax, 0EDAFEF8Dh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 790BEA5Dh
sub     eax, 91DC677Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0B30CBD98h
not     eax
xor     eax, 800E643Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2402382Bh
sub     eax, 0B7EA82FDh
xor     eax, 1A6A24B0h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A42981B2h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F8923C9Bh
add     eax, 4EEAE244h
xor     eax, 0AD1FA198h
add     eax, 0A059D5D9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0E3C6C3ADh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A292BE0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4AC7E93Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F2785DA0h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 24F435C5h
add     eax, 0A9676CBDh
sub     eax, 0F4DDE43Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 55C4140Eh
add     eax, 4D4D1CA0h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9D79ECFBh
xor     eax, 1644738Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 306C8150h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 3A721EF7h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A76F4365h
sub     eax, 0E908D09Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6D27862Fh
sub     eax, 1CB9D91Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 136A1A51h
xor     eax, 0E765E2D2h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 96A69319h
add     eax, 5B552C60h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 622B544Dh
xor     eax, 0CB5BD587h
sub     eax, 0BE829087h
sub     eax, 0C438BA0Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0AA13507Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8A6236D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 15E2FE93h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 1FD6465Ah
add     eax, 40A5094Ch
sub     eax, 0A514BEA9h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0BC79AB33h
xor     eax, 92EE1583h
xor     eax, 7E7D5B13h
sub     eax, 0CE2533C1h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0D99AE6DAh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0E1CCBB7Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0D3BCC8B2h
xor     eax, 0EBAABA3Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E1FAB074h
sub     eax, 0F98FFEE4h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E11A55F9h
xor     eax, 43EDF3E6h
xor     eax, 0DA3CB653h
sub     eax, 0E16F8F8Fh
xor     eax, 1360C136h
xor     eax, 33C237A8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 537A0151h
sub     eax, 918B41BAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8D50E944h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 5D59A5EDh
add     eax, 0FB374D56h
not     eax
add     eax, 17C43E7Bh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0F11CEA8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2710B885h
xor     eax, 9386C733h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 157518FDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0A6CFFED3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 90CBBF6Ah
add     eax, 0F2260368h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6AEDBA06h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 815AD4AEh
add     eax, 59FDDDF7h
sub     eax, 0D8316C91h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0AB42ED2Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0EB70F91Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 708834DCh
sub     eax, 3210F609h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1AAAF9D5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DCF8B8A9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1E8F790Bh
xor     eax, 0A74A7BDDh
add     eax, 0E16A633Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 8981B7A3h
add     eax, 5D4484AFh
sub     eax, 7C8B1C5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0E92F9024h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FF37102Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 957AB346h
add     eax, 29DA6C22h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 2CEE908Ch
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 65E3B6E2h
xor     eax, 637FA508h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 49F101E1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8FF35E1Eh
sub     eax, 0ACE91310h
sub     eax, 62AB297Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A974B049h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 9A7B39B0h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 329654DBh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 4CE2F078h
sub     eax, 1531743Ah
sub     eax, 286A982Dh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 635BE3C1h
xor     eax, 0A5FF511Fh
add     eax, 536ECDBEh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0AC9494D4h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 3BE3992Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DB7C9D6Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EA75A15Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 6052D8FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 69C648B8h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 5D514BF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2E4179BBh
add     eax, 8C377A36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 11977E76h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 19A3B50Dh
add     eax, 5789AEA5h
add     eax, 0EE103F6Ch
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0AC596D6Eh
xor     eax, 0E759AAB8h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9CB203A7h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0BEBBF69Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8AB87786h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 28CD37D8h
sub     eax, 5A153BA8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 144E1D17h
sub     eax, 2F204B10h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 62D5A4CEh
add     eax, 1C926086h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4711F671h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 926F97BEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6981B6B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7C7DE58Dh
xor     eax, 0F7C25EAEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0C83727B8h
add     eax, 0CEB874A4h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0AC6A1F11h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B8A88257h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0DE17D942h
xor     eax, 89FE96C5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 675B91FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FC3BD9B5h
add     eax, 7AB05238h
add     eax, 0CF5E2F7Ch
add     eax, 0A4610D46h
sub     eax, 0AE87D601h
add     eax, 98A08F03h
add     eax, 7FA4A31Bh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0E7FC2503h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0CBA0A9CEh
add     eax, 1CBA3BC2h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 7D9D6360h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 201A354Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ACAE85ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0A31063CCh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6112F61Dh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0A963F633h
xor     eax, 0EA6534F7h
sub     eax, 429DECBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0C0C29912h
add     eax, 0D79FC0D2h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 6CD1098Ah
sub     eax, 0B71B917Dh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 4F1F0908h
sub     eax, 0F5D5541Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 5E176A71h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 79B5BB89h
sub     eax, 0D15DAB7Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 4D9B2441h
sub     eax, 96268F5Ah
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 22470D20h
add     eax, 5C2FC211h
sub     eax, 3DE81EE8h
add     eax, 0CFA75996h
xor     eax, 0DC10C4D9h
add     eax, 0E934528Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 4AD45276h
xor     eax, 799D159Ah
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 74A7AAA1h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EAABA456h
xor     eax, 1AC5D074h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 0CDB464E0h
xor     eax, 0B8E64DF1h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 960A9B77h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 62ABB0C1h
xor     eax, 48DF89CCh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 359BE2E8h
sub     eax, 39282CA3h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 50AE1636h
xor     eax, 3F09E7BAh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0C242705Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F21625DAh
add     eax, 0BE859FBDh
xor     eax, 0B02D3B1Bh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0EDDC0E5Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 12AC2AF7h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 859E8761h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 176E187Ah
sub     eax, 2DE12AA2h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 7797AEE5h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CF0D8587h
add     eax, 6CBF3A8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DC2F939Bh
xor     eax, 0E0DC0EBEh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 4B18B171h
add     eax, 4727445Fh
xor     eax, 9F011DB3h
xor     eax, 0D2988C79h
add     eax, 0BEB65CB3h
add     eax, 7A79AF63h
sub     eax, 6CBA27EBh
xor     eax, 128376FAh
xor     eax, 0FF5D5233h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D9BE1343h
sub     eax, 4AD8313Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0AA1BE266h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 995C8E7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 2949EFE4h
not     eax
add     eax, 1ECDE93Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 838655A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5A22959Ch
sub     eax, 0ABF5841Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ADBD6591h
sub     eax, 18593DF8h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0AFAAE9FBh
add     eax, 92FA9AB8h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 489BEE6Eh
sub     eax, 0ECABEE3Ah
add     eax, 3D3B199Eh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 4D32AA20h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0DC78CE12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 24AC73AFh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 61E4375Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 83257292h
xor     eax, 0B4671D7Eh
xor     eax, 85EB0509h
add     eax, 358BB1F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 4641A1ACh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DFD0A601h
xor     eax, 5C13D723h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 1B5EC4AFh
sub     eax, 3C85A182h
add     eax, 3B770F38h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 8E27746Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 133A3B02h
xor     eax, 3940E1FEh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0AC85BA82h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0FF7FEEB6h
add     eax, 0DC1DABC7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0F179191Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 11F52EE8h
add     eax, 0CA79F52Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A813689Ah
xor     eax, 8C265528h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 3F158F02h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 7FAE0C0Dh
add     eax, 0B25D5BBFh
sub     eax, 5E70B216h
sub     eax, 0AA98720Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 47A2C8E1h
sub     eax, 8C2553BAh
sub     eax, 8E68D36Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BBE0F4EEh
add     eax, 0D303C9FEh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0FFD68C8Eh
add     eax, 0AEF675A3h
add     eax, 3B3CD1CCh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 8D9F04E7h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 95E4DE83h
add     eax, 95F81E46h
sub     eax, 22DD54DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0B79B7529h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0B11A7B34h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 83740863h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 433E34C7h
sub     eax, 9F77DA79h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 1C527E37h
xor     eax, 0F1B26050h
sub     eax, 10F7874Ah
sub     eax, 40406A3Eh
sub     eax, 85B5ECC3h
sub     eax, 379BE44Ch
xor     eax, 79BFF2E1h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3EF63013h
xor     eax, 3698E616h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1BEFDCCEh
not     eax
add     eax, 9BCBF3EEh
xor     eax, 29879E6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 351563E2h
xor     eax, 415601FFh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0A410E936h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0BA1FE768h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 9FA012FAh
xor     eax, 18517B56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0C4941313h
add     eax, 0B145A7DDh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0F8F1791Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 883A3308h
sub     eax, 95E81146h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 9B9B7224h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0D50E782Eh
add     eax, 8978043Fh
sub     eax, 0AC187830h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0BBD93678h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 7EAD9EC6h
xor     eax, 0F0288104h
sub     eax, 7999A499h
xor     eax, 2718C395h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BF2808E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FEBE3A84h
xor     eax, 7DB1CCE8h
xor     eax, 15F128A5h
xor     eax, 0FBEC4BE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 3435CBABh
not     eax
add     eax, 4A9B8387h
xor     eax, 0D62608B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 74ACAA84h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 69E914CBh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0DEC7C1B9h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0ACF67ADFh
sub     eax, 6D4E9168h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 43B51BB4h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 13D7DA3Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0A36F6D39h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E5D769FDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3EBE3B3h
add     eax, 0D7B86383h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0AC8A44D4h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 8BF403FFh
add     eax, 0BE75E0B4h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0F696C2E0h
add     eax, 0AB31D32Ch
xor     eax, 271A83A3h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 8E4B4046h
xor     eax, 0DA0474B0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 99489E9Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 9DA4CF6Bh
xor     eax, 49D9C390h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 7E767A38h
sub     eax, 0ABBAFB3Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 946F35A6h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 5D06D8A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A37C9F33h
sub     eax, 55C8C331h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1CA0465Ah
sub     eax, 3D0C0D4Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 224D7FA8h
sub     eax, 32DCFDDFh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FBE42FA8h
xor     eax, 0A7D79B1Fh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0C0FDB233h
xor     eax, 310522F6h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D5C30B8Fh
xor     eax, 0D41EE425h
add     eax, 4C9E001Eh
xor     eax, 7B04C0C1h
xor     eax, 7CA9D531h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0B26C4208h
add     eax, 9ABA4312h
add     eax, 8B0183E3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 128052ABh
sub     eax, 4D4088DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 74801218h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 76634691h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5317A69Dh
xor     eax, 0D3FED4E2h
xor     eax, 88493030h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AF1077BFh
sub     eax, 0B71BBCD3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0D8A08660h
xor     eax, 0BD4441C2h
xor     eax, 0D461ECADh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C6FFA83Dh
xor     eax, 0B83F5F11h
sub     eax, 71F4C5DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F1503672h
xor     eax, 575BB23Ah
add     eax, 2C731E74h
xor     eax, 97B56CE2h
add     eax, 9AE924CAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 5CD762CBh
sub     eax, 9BD5516Fh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0D9792354h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7A20156Ah
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 871349BCh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 2F3C93E5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 8F368587h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 78A24EA9h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 93F4CDEFh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0DF749D9Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 7D26FFA9h
xor     eax, 16C7E896h
xor     eax, 0E897BD3Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 29FD8534h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A66AC24Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 59C8526Dh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0CD83576Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0A79D7D70h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 4016DFBCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0E70E9C43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E8FF4F8Fh
sub     eax, 4CD8801Ch
xor     eax, 811E1E38h
sub     eax, 0EAA0C165h
sub     eax, 61C82AE3h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 2B6F593Ch
add     eax, 9C921BA7h
add     eax, 0D40ED471h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8EFE57CDh
add     eax, 0D846F00Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A6069FE9h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 65E7B266h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 398CD9DFh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 92F6E1C6h
add     eax, 0B10EBE7Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D5C903E9h
xor     eax, 5EA0FFE7h
not     eax
add     eax, 11CC637Ch
add     eax, 358D3B38h
sub     eax, 29886BB2h
add     eax, 0D03062D3h
xor     eax, 3562898Eh
add     eax, 0E2DBC888h
add     eax, 71552868h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0E94F2E35h
add     eax, 8F77C69Dh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 4DABC45Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 3DC5D310h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 58BC88CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C59D9046h
add     eax, 0B2FD632Ah
add     eax, 0E3F8FE72h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0B87361D3h
xor     eax, 0C92AC232h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 12D8E088h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B87494A2h
xor     eax, 60088241h
sub     eax, 6E5A4E54h
xor     eax, 0A8763EC0h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 5C45AEC6h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 56838D4Ch
sub     eax, 0F839D21Ch
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0A13623D2h
xor     eax, 0AC14398Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 3644E59Fh
sub     eax, 0D06E63EBh
add     eax, 5335D3DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9AB76930h
xor     eax, 0E57E5B58h
sub     eax, 0CC99A9FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F451B2FCh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 6C4E7C31h
xor     eax, 0BB87BE19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A2FDB088h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A5FFC03Dh
add     eax, 1C9B52F0h
add     eax, 37072743h
xor     eax, 0F4176060h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0A974F3BEh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0F554D0B4h
sub     eax, 0C1346D07h
sub     eax, 5F988AF0h
add     eax, 973D637Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0AFCEDF36h
sub     eax, 44F57EF2h
xor     eax, 407F21C9h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0F44FDB3Fh
add     eax, 9BDFCE55h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0F04A01B6h
xor     eax, 0A1BA5AA4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5124DEF3h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 3D558C85h
add     eax, 55C452E6h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3AAF1793h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 22BBFBB5h
xor     eax, 0E2FFB199h
xor     eax, 5DCA49C0h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 4E420960h
add     eax, 0EC7A144Fh
add     eax, 58BDC696h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C6D79109h
sub     eax, 11EA00FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B63E0F87h
xor     eax, 0D530B3C5h
add     eax, 3BC80B24h
sub     eax, 0FF66D5F3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 27E144C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 305D9054h
add     eax, 7EFF8CD8h
xor     eax, 0CD74F0B3h
add     eax, 7614DC3Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 8515F27Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 4022FD1Eh
xor     eax, 0B5B58D62h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0DB730C90h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FE871EF8h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1C84F325h
xor     eax, 0B9A56060h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 98DCC3A7h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 15575912h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7C5B4D82h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 9618F54Ah
add     eax, 5FE9B828h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 524FD50Ah
sub     eax, 5ED9FF68h
xor     eax, 0F962A621h
add     eax, 7953DE5Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0C6B5FA79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F55CEF48h
sub     eax, 28843025h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 5BFD4A97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 86FE64A2h
sub     eax, 0AD02A7FDh
xor     eax, 53A9DC1Ch
xor     eax, 2E2E1724h
sub     eax, 9A75F679h
add     eax, 0DC253A36h
add     eax, 0FB76F8D0h
sub     eax, 1E00829Fh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 8C71A610h
add     eax, 0AD4C4CD6h
add     eax, 0F5CA742Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F6CC48F6h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 59D08883h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 361667D5h
sub     eax, 569AE42Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B4538709h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 5FF713A7h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 4BAF3504h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ABB68522h
add     eax, 8FC32470h
add     eax, 3DE3E00Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 83793202h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 9FFB8260h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 46A1CABBh
sub     eax, 915C0376h
add     eax, 1AFD3415h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0A1150109h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AAE2DE49h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 6391E471h
xor     eax, 441995A3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2A9C7D46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0E196E660h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 9C2C1594h
sub     eax, 67399CB6h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 90F97C40h
xor     eax, 70A0A46Dh
add     eax, 617E8181h
add     eax, 243A525Eh
xor     eax, 0EF6826A9h
sub     eax, 0B26F3C3Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0CC41EF25h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0EDA91328h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 72A6379Eh
sub     eax, 51B15AFFh
xor     eax, 0E9D2E55Eh
xor     eax, 0EC9782CFh
add     eax, 405D4934h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0FA8ED744h
add     eax, 40183EBCh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BFAD5CFEh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 444ECF30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B747C2EEh
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0A20292DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 92BFCB0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A90040B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C85D1B48h
add     eax, 1F5A1E5Eh
add     eax, 7AAB8D61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 88CCCCD8h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AF781ADFh
sub     eax, 0AB4694B1h
xor     eax, 41059F7Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 8E335D83h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 191CDA4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6069BDD7h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B54EBB9Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 1B5264BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 984B31EDh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 6A1A67A0h
not     eax
add     eax, 78F2BBA8h
xor     eax, 492C3784h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9F679427h
xor     eax, 0D6F16130h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E73CCC98h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0B9AD06BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 518492B9h
sub     eax, 0BA83ACF3h
xor     eax, 394F8E82h
add     eax, 0E8247305h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A90128CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BED6CA23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ACEF3A1Ch
xor     eax, 88DB8964h
xor     eax, 29DCFCC4h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0E12E32EDh
add     eax, 85F125DEh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 7BEA359Ch
add     eax, 6D4C08E8h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 7490A9FAh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0DA898EB8h
add     eax, 0DDD641A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C937D9C4h
xor     eax, 447DECB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F222AF06h
sub     eax, 8776199Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 169776B7h
sub     eax, 1ABA9321h
add     eax, 8A530FC8h
sub     eax, 94E13754h
sub     eax, 6363A681h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0E2EECA9Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 6137CED8h
sub     eax, 3A0D2210h
sub     eax, 0E01DE2F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 187B001Ch
sub     eax, 29A7CC0Fh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 16410B3Ch
xor     eax, 0D7FA4E89h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 9DE32057h
add     eax, 0D17D0C30h
sub     eax, 0A3423945h
add     eax, 1A8B0F19h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0A45584F5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ACEEC866h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0BB4121FEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 28A223D0h
add     eax, 67ACB086h
xor     eax, 889DC3A7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 127C40C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2B71565Dh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0E4AC538Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 54A38510h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 808F616Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 41D778A6h
add     eax, 0A9D34F86h
add     eax, 0D1ADCC7Ch
add     eax, 4FB4D839h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0A5B83F3Fh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CCF0E43Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D8BF00B3h
add     eax, 0BCD36305h
sub     eax, 8A8B74F9h
not     eax
add     eax, 6751F63Dh
add     eax, 0ABEF80E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 19EC8C2Fh
xor     eax, 23CDEF04h
add     eax, 9D483852h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7CA12E4Ch
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0AC5B0ABDh
xor     eax, 0D2BA4D7Bh
sub     eax, 14BDBBBCh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F5914F79h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 3E186535h
xor     eax, 55182A60h
sub     eax, 5CB4605Ah
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 4CC868BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0E0A6A9A2h
xor     eax, 0B3EBDDB9h
sub     eax, 56950719h
xor     eax, 1504FAFAh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0A60A39F1h
xor     eax, 8FB7B94Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6A4B20F3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 93480AE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5B5F846Bh
xor     eax, 4BDEC7D4h
add     eax, 0FAF8A764h
add     eax, 5DA7AFB3h
add     eax, 1184EC26h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6474E64Bh
add     eax, 0DC3155B4h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 9A7BAD24h
sub     eax, 5EC91735h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 338E1AACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A6089E01h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AE7AEA77h
sub     eax, 212944BCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E7F430DDh
xor     eax, 55440755h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CD233F29h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0DE476F3Fh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B24489B4h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F4F530EEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3C96BF42h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 433ECE1Ah
sub     eax, 974020E1h
add     eax, 0F8B9804Eh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 289495A4h
sub     eax, 0A6F8A4BFh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 98D00412h
sub     eax, 0E453AC78h
xor     eax, 6912902Ch
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 888E599Bh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0ED1CE1DDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BB7B8FA1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4D894550h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 720222D5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CB018EFAh
add     eax, 75B36ED7h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA0A8BB6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AF2F6306h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 4EFCBAD3h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FD3DC5F0h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 4A0828D9h
add     eax, 0E3375456h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0AB10E84Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7E966E4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 33365284h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0C59ECB9Ch
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 64F648A5h
xor     eax, 0A160C48Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0C9FDBC8Ch
sub     eax, 0D07C90CBh
xor     eax, 0B8194CFBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 55FBAD30h
not     eax
add     eax, 6E6F3753h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 67226D64h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0BF42F6DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A2FCE2Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E9D5C465h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0EA99FB4Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8BDE4DA7h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5B1CB51Fh
sub     eax, 2A98FA61h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 825693F3h
add     eax, 8B796F1Fh
sub     eax, 0BFBADE1Bh
sub     eax, 48AD8608h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 99F9B170h
add     eax, 0E1F8D29Bh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A57E29C7h
sub     eax, 1D1ED994h
xor     eax, 23B841D3h
sub     eax, 8F03C7BBh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DCA8261Dh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5351CDF7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E0CADEB0h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1CA2FE8Bh
sub     eax, 4C7109D9h
sub     eax, 6619E125h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 62279AA1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 65F3E112h
sub     eax, 0F6D24870h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0EFF99040h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 22A807E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B174A489h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0B1171F3Dh
add     eax, 26AB0B94h
xor     eax, 9DCF7CAFh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 4C122698h
xor     eax, 6BA8F14Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D0F7332Ah
add     eax, 13C97FC7h
xor     eax, 0FECD06D6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0FE284CBEh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 78080F95h
xor     eax, 0CFE05166h
add     eax, 0F8577EC4h
add     eax, 1175239Bh
xor     eax, 4EA1F6E9h
xor     eax, 2788A898h
add     eax, 45ADD6D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7CEA9489h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0F2080801h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 523298E7h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1E09CED9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 6FC64282h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 9F3D7B9Dh
add     eax, 876EEEADh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DA72CE07h
xor     eax, 3ECF0231h
xor     eax, 5DC53F1Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CF3D18D1h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0A976F599h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 678D7979h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7C2AE0C3h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 65B892B2h
add     eax, 0C8593E0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 1A46E165h
xor     eax, 4F75A608h
xor     eax, 0DB588E9Eh
xor     eax, 578A298Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0C5DE9807h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B09566B8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B459DB59h
add     eax, 5D15E29Bh
add     eax, 657D5A2Fh
add     eax, 0B17CA238h
add     eax, 0EDE3105Ah
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E8BA6700h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 51D0A230h
sub     eax, 1F588C7Ch
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 90591023h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C399F934h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FEEDBA0Dh
sub     eax, 2D7986C1h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0A0D89D7Ah
add     eax, 371322D1h
add     eax, 51862556h
add     eax, 0FC8336E4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F8F8D7ECh
xor     eax, 0C6B4F4CAh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 350B2DB1h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ED6F09A1h
add     eax, 555ED199h
add     eax, 0B7D428C7h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 1935BEA1h
xor     eax, 72855AE1h
sub     eax, 0E2B5BF2Dh
sub     eax, 53AE9139h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 8CD8CA04h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 4D5652C0h
sub     eax, 7E974BB7h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3CA115AFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 884ECF1Eh
add     eax, 0B4C9D666h
xor     eax, 7633EE40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 550374B8h
xor     eax, 5887B4DCh
add     eax, 56DE91A1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 7CD50E3Dh
xor     eax, 0F9BAA5A7h
xor     eax, 0D33E8903h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B7D5B0DEh
add     eax, 6BD4C6DAh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 60EB1C2Ch
xor     eax, 57C1B46Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D5635F6Bh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 29BD5093h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 419AD861h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7C0E527Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0CFA658D4h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 2466817Dh
xor     eax, 653A59B3h
add     eax, 0DF0A9F61h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E7E8D6F4h
add     eax, 0F53A7FAEh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F862A0E4h
add     eax, 0C919AAA7h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BB9393B3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0CB96C9D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A65A62DAh
add     eax, 0CEC17DBCh
add     eax, 0C302D786h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 694FEF3Bh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 76B4510Ch
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0C9D085E4h
add     eax, 0F22087A5h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 7032F81Ah
sub     eax, 0F1AC89E1h
add     eax, 0BD943560h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B00E1684h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0F1D0D6DFh
xor     eax, 0B7F43E65h
xor     eax, 0DD511094h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0EDD1915Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 45587033h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F2366A4Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 40C53CA8h
add     eax, 0D02DB72Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0BF58A389h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 6DA21600h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 1E82C50Bh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0AB2DE3EBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0BAC78B1Fh
add     eax, 0B4CD77E1h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 2210BF6Fh
xor     eax, 58B1D0BBh
xor     eax, 9EE3BD94h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 5879887Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D582A246h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9A5AA1CEh
add     eax, 6DADA8A4h
xor     eax, 0A729015Eh
xor     eax, 7AFD377Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 42DE9444h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 9105370Bh
add     eax, 93EFB53Bh
xor     eax, 1774A4FEh
xor     eax, 311D17ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8C97DD61h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 519F219Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 2635DE76h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0D5F23E87h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 83A04AC8h
sub     eax, 0F4A10194h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0E7F715C4h
not     eax
add     eax, 50C57EB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DF200586h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 1AC8C38Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E9A3B8DAh
sub     eax, 99C8596Bh
add     eax, 30C16C85h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0FEB80D75h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 2915E97Fh
xor     eax, 0E885090Dh
add     eax, 0C3E9CD98h
sub     eax, 8D430788h
xor     eax, 0C5173E28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0AD14F041h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7AD54F34h
xor     eax, 0CB7865ECh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0B9C3C952h
xor     eax, 0B09F3AA8h
xor     eax, 7C5927EAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 143CC055h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 88B83995h
xor     eax, 6A2ABB75h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 1111DFFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 3FC2EA71h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 2F412626h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AF73DC80h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0E6B3F199h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 262B58B1h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 97872013h
sub     eax, 0B3D75950h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4CAAE5FBh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 50FE4FC9h
xor     eax, 1A632299h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 500337BBh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 9E9D71A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0C36EAD44h
add     eax, 61D1E5F2h
sub     eax, 1DE4A0CEh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DFF2500Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 27863928h
add     eax, 9633718Ch
sub     eax, 0ED9DBC91h
sub     eax, 0A6FC2C89h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0ABD059FDh
add     eax, 5A6D8C60h
sub     eax, 0BFDEA379h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 66EEB6B1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D599F311h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5DBB9AB9h
sub     eax, 0DB45A208h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 5902714Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6ED0C39Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 3237D5C9h
xor     eax, 0B419D6B5h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9960ED51h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B89BC657h
add     eax, 30A6BF91h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B8DDCCFBh
xor     eax, 0E62B9AD5h
sub     eax, 6ACDEC75h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0CE664AA8h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0BFD1B431h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A3DA4597h
xor     eax, 8BEC060Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 29A62CD7h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0DEC82B3Bh
xor     eax, 0DBDECE38h
xor     eax, 6F9EB386h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E16024AEh
add     eax, 2C53D0C1h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 633EFA93h
sub     eax, 659CD7C5h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E9F8A7C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 3BC01E80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EDD4F670h
not     eax
add     eax, 414B23DEh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0BB259FE8h
xor     eax, 363A6A7Eh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0EDEAE27Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 74C928F3h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0BB141BA9h
add     eax, 0DD956F71h
add     eax, 0B9918904h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 50C35EE8h
xor     eax, 99CB25DAh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0F2342927h
xor     eax, 7001DBB6h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 169F29FDh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0DDD6DB29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FEAAE94Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3FF5109Ah
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FBD4478Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 3C8B434Eh
sub     eax, 0A7E10123h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 9ECBAEFAh
add     eax, 0DA4D77E9h
xor     eax, 0CC2DECAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9C967448h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 11AFB9DDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 3BEB8AD1h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 57AD4035h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0D94F7DE4h
sub     eax, 0F1AF1B16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 98D48860h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5801EEB1h
xor     eax, 908E73ECh
not     eax
add     eax, 455DD2F6h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 3CAA3195h
add     eax, 9C7BEEAFh
sub     eax, 88BE81CCh
add     eax, 0F91CA3E5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 70130B33h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C897169Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 975B51E0h
add     eax, 0E121C55Ah
xor     eax, 5794CD12h
add     eax, 7906145Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 1E3962ABh
sub     eax, 0EDD9F24Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F1A9EFCEh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 7F82ACBEh
add     eax, 8623A153h
add     eax, 0CCAB3893h
xor     eax, 0CD7B1081h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3F9D5C6Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 62F53C08h
xor     eax, 0A79EB73Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 21D29C2Dh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0CF676EDDh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 9E305B01h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3E49509Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0E26494A5h
sub     eax, 2B3C05DEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 618698E9h
xor     eax, 71C35FEEh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 975C9180h
xor     eax, 0DBE57F32h
add     eax, 0F28730EAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4ED787A2h
add     eax, 0F88286B4h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 9C32E2D2h
add     eax, 2E92C221h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9282A17Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 4E81BF51h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0D2B21220h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0CB132AF5h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0EB85F71Fh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 5D04B139h
xor     eax, 53BCC341h
xor     eax, 0C65F922Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 91C08125h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 22D57A18h
add     eax, 0EA8CC512h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 7093BBA4h
add     eax, 73F49E27h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 810396BFh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8B470989h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 2C7D5AC0h
sub     eax, 0CA47F1D5h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C33B8A8Dh
sub     eax, 85A93D12h
xor     eax, 9DFABD9Bh
sub     eax, 0DF5DB854h
xor     eax, 50B4BB99h
sub     eax, 0CA1DFE39h
not     eax
xor     eax, 817702CDh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 7346498Ch
sub     eax, 7639B2AEh
sub     eax, 16892C05h
sub     eax, 4CD8FE2Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BCF45D85h
sub     eax, 652ECFBBh
sub     eax, 6D5712CFh
xor     eax, 63EC8510h
sub     eax, 249E6B44h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 58F495DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AC1D4AAFh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 9F24226Fh
xor     eax, 943318FCh
sub     eax, 0F6DC310Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 584E3581h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0CCCAAD0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F3D83D41h
xor     eax, 0F1518FDEh
xor     eax, 6D54078Bh
sub     eax, 0DFE9ABFAh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 886D6B2Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 652C2AADh
sub     eax, 0C2E3EFF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 910354F7h
add     eax, 108E4503h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EEA5ADDFh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0FE8E1E83h
xor     eax, 0ACD0B785h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 55C38F47h
sub     eax, 1FED07A9h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 1BBE0CC3h
xor     eax, 0A570596Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 581E8B05h
add     eax, 0F759D91Eh
add     eax, 0C06ED055h
xor     eax, 0FEF07269h
sub     eax, 229ECED4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 38941713h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 29B53102h
sub     eax, 9D962C29h
add     eax, 0A812DC78h
add     eax, 51A870C6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B6974931h
sub     eax, 0B71A8BACh
add     eax, 67710277h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0C35F07F6h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0D0FFA1D2h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FEC58C4Eh
add     eax, 39F44256h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0CAA6A18Ch
xor     eax, 25CF1E50h
sub     eax, 4A98CC18h
sub     eax, 8FD55B13h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0E1CE811Ah
sub     eax, 2EDB2546h
xor     eax, 28F00F66h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0E312D09Ch
xor     eax, 32893670h
sub     eax, 1092B0ABh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 6AD83E37h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 38CBBBFAh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0BD7C6524h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0F8D4A97Ch
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 66F75BA3h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 52A511EBh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0EA54C036h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0A10B82A7h
add     eax, 0D537063Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 3BB77EDBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AA2150E4h
sub     eax, 52E78746h
xor     eax, 2FEE55CAh
add     eax, 0BAE32773h
sub     eax, 9A4AF603h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 15694BFEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 87DBD94Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 2F939F63h
add     eax, 0DEFF671Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 12086535h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0E15C0413h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 83EFBBB4h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 21932724h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A6BEA5B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CDFAC059h
xor     eax, 0EF442B66h
add     eax, 0A7980AF5h
add     eax, 7806D2E9h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0E1DB41D4h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0A0E4EB3Dh
add     eax, 0FA7110BEh
sub     eax, 2CC694ABh
add     eax, 7076C574h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9ACD682Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5C5FB49Bh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0FF6928C5h
add     eax, 9411A629h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 53EAAC21h
add     eax, 6C956F53h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 5D078F4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E93EE141h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 46CD8F93h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 93965625h
sub     eax, 0E4E4FDF3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 724984F6h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0B026FD7Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0AC432F02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4E873DCAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0C37BE291h
sub     eax, 6C12CC0Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 48798B37h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0D1BA5819h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E0EFBA33h
add     eax, 390F72D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0E7164CAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 33507437h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CC1DE9ECh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 1DB54762h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0A01BFC75h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 49BD9277h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0EA2C9F7Ch
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C004286Fh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 1DE0FD10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A824BCCCh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0DCEC4D27h
add     eax, 15445185h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 9458E660h
xor     eax, 0E6272DB0h
add     eax, 26FB867Bh
add     eax, 24925988h
add     eax, 0AAE9B639h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 75FEDA19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0CFA5647Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0AFCA84C4h
sub     eax, 0CA772B37h
xor     eax, 0E5BD8BA8h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 424DA827h
add     eax, 780F5575h
add     eax, 2422D22Fh
xor     eax, 0C94FBA44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BF93D47Eh
add     eax, 30A131F6h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DBAC4DC5h
xor     eax, 0A70FBD66h
sub     eax, 992816C1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 7C32020Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BDCE1CFFh
sub     eax, 6D5B87CFh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0F711D769h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0D7B30474h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0C17E6044h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AB6E9F41h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BD0754CDh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 17DF3B90h
add     eax, 1C59AE1Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8B47C4FCh
add     eax, 2C9AC840h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 211E7A5Bh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 276C77F6h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E93D1F0h
add     eax, 64CA3C51h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 8FC5E080h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C13DF893h
sub     eax, 0B282439Bh
xor     eax, 64614600h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D94BCB87h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 47DFE664h
sub     eax, 2683E31Bh
add     eax, 304FAB3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0F1C7F356h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 433AA91Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 694AE198h
xor     eax, 0FE46437Eh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 6A318CC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 9C36C6C7h
xor     eax, 3DEB6ADAh
add     eax, 0D7C586D4h
sub     eax, 0E0DDF55Fh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 202450C1h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0C1B5B740h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8AFEE130h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A347163Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 998361AFh
add     eax, 0BB589D31h
add     eax, 0CF0E2C8Ch
add     eax, 4E6A3E51h
sub     eax, 0F6FA738Dh
sub     eax, 0A732F8BDh
xor     eax, 3B1CF2CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0A2617F38h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6F0AD764h
add     eax, 525D4FC0h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 6FE0BCEBh
xor     eax, 0DCC7E1F9h
add     eax, 141CF8BBh
xor     eax, 4DA26692h
sub     eax, 0E9B02EDCh
add     eax, 0ED6C343Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0CCEC8C4Fh
xor     eax, 6865E1B3h
xor     eax, 0A3F6D0A5h
xor     eax, 227E8EC7h
xor     eax, 0A5BA4443h
xor     eax, 0D687617Bh
sub     eax, 0CF774F07h
xor     eax, 2B6869B0h
xor     eax, 0DF91C8DAh
add     eax, 9EBB0E92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 4ECAEFAFh
xor     eax, 79B7E14Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F8A70D0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 32CB48D1h
xor     eax, 5B8881D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4B476237h
xor     eax, 0BEE5244Ch
add     eax, 0C3EF3030h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3DD40483h
sub     eax, 0A8C5F673h
xor     eax, 0D47D9C3Ah
sub     eax, 0EF8D5144h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A51DF596h
sub     eax, 33FBBB19h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DE87F6DEh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BBB8B083h
xor     eax, 0BEE6EF15h
add     eax, 3EF30168h
sub     eax, 7A62C409h
xor     eax, 9428EDB4h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 7730FEA2h
add     eax, 3250BF40h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EFFFB464h
xor     eax, 9A15A13Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0A640463Ch
xor     eax, 8CF30172h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 17B0BA76h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A2F14F7Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 86FBD155h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 700D4AA1h
sub     eax, 0AC2029E9h
xor     eax, 412B9A0Fh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 46787BC5h
add     eax, 3A58165Dh
add     eax, 9A311021h
xor     eax, 640B4962h
sub     eax, 382A1986h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6C3D6A2Dh
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EA23216Eh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 227FFBFDh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A46A0F05h
add     eax, 0BA0B9A7Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0FD231396h
xor     eax, 0DF443A35h
xor     eax, 0A6167F51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6AC1DD09h
add     eax, 29FCE01Dh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 2BE17CF1h
sub     eax, 75A9BC9Ch
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2063CDD1h
xor     eax, 0C37AD7ADh
add     eax, 76AC3AD5h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E9941081h
sub     eax, 0DC79AA17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D965717Dh
add     eax, 80D0B980h
xor     eax, 386776E0h
xor     eax, 92DF5FBDh
sub     eax, 0EFD36D63h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 16F0429Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C28A2D64h
add     eax, 9A88C947h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 84A4AF07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1E1929A2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 113C9A6Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B03163EAh
xor     eax, 90537558h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0F7EDD72Ch
add     eax, 7DDBD9F2h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 510D30C4h
xor     eax, 58CA1D6Ch
xor     eax, 0A806EB13h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 7558BC16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 71C343D3h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 75779C5Ch
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 283697A8h
sub     eax, 0B870E46Bh
sub     eax, 81DA8C86h
sub     eax, 41EFBED2h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 15AA4381h
sub     eax, 4855AA56h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 11760234h
not     eax
xor     eax, 635DB744h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9546D37Dh
sub     eax, 14CB6BC5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 84ECB0DFh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 495D6CFEh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 1535CB53h
sub     eax, 0B5917C24h
add     eax, 0F26B71B2h
xor     eax, 8C4D82EBh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0AB2A53A6h
add     eax, 0EC48A757h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 1B665478h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 1D98B350h
add     eax, 83AA5200h
xor     eax, 0BD2DD75Ah
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 81FCDD5Ah
sub     eax, 57C73AD2h
sub     eax, 83C3062Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 3022B35Fh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 4F8C562Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0EAD5DCE7h
add     eax, 34D9B19Ah
add     eax, 0A51969EDh
sub     eax, 3E740A41h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 48E59A8Fh
add     eax, 0F184745Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 31C9F63Bh
xor     eax, 0BF9E40B8h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0FDBAC89Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 953D03EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 49E3DDCBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BAFEC375h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 2C804CFBh
add     eax, 6D3BBD16h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4A066DA9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 97A05568h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 669B784Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B8E2E537h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D184EAEAh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0DE848641h
add     eax, 9C55D433h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0F8A0A731h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D4BF6685h
add     eax, 0C7294359h
xor     eax, 0A20BA625h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0DF0E83B5h
xor     eax, 0AA1A50E4h
sub     eax, 3A7E3623h
xor     eax, 0E27D3F01h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 6A719F2Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0A824FEC1h
sub     eax, 7D6F1017h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AA55C163h
sub     eax, 3A195AB8h
xor     eax, 2FD613C3h
add     eax, 0F1E86855h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0A20A6BC4h
add     eax, 0BBADF7A3h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9744B5F3h
xor     eax, 20284B1Ch
xor     eax, 44A311A3h
add     eax, 0EA86753Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0A93FAAC3h
add     eax, 0B5C67289h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 9CBD005Ch
sub     eax, 70CE7537h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C8463D2Ah
sub     eax, 0A8D8CC6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 986AEFA6h
add     eax, 0B430BB97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A80F4087h
xor     eax, 0D2777E10h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 5B24E731h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 26C2DBC0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FE09AC70h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 5A40FFF1h
xor     eax, 0E2FDE5B0h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 87E39313h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2A563196h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4C461767h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 8F4EF1CAh
xor     eax, 84E8D8FEh
sub     eax, 5B7FB603h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0F5489F90h
add     eax, 97D3F794h
xor     eax, 357932AFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 83BED37Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F94F441Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 54801FACh
xor     eax, 884A0CB4h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 14D48FB8h
sub     eax, 51AB563Fh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B35B63F3h
xor     eax, 15AA4EADh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 3043476Dh
xor     eax, 0C47A93D7h
sub     eax, 4AEF52DEh
add     eax, 1CD082EEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 699446EEh
sub     eax, 0A2C9C16Eh
sub     eax, 0CAB40F0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 691D56B0h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0C6F61C32h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C0F43F1Ah
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0DF6E22F9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EEB38499h
sub     eax, 66066738h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5602AFEFh
add     eax, 0B32EAB5Ch
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 438550DEh
xor     eax, 8892DE90h
sub     eax, 0B046BD10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 6A3CE256h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9FA781D3h
xor     eax, 0FFBC50DFh
add     eax, 21B93962h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 1B7EC6A8h
sub     eax, 0CDC39A95h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CE70D6F0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5D656083h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 6282EA5Eh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 93A152F4h
xor     eax, 9CCCA189h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0E6711230h
xor     eax, 0F948DE0Bh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 544E61C0h
sub     eax, 0D9469F69h
add     eax, 17F7A04Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CAACE313h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 42E61734h
not     eax
add     eax, 41939881h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AE431A89h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BB8FD121h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 47480084h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0F74DC86Bh
xor     eax, 4137F6E2h
add     eax, 22C3C8B9h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 6374905Ch
sub     eax, 44286BAEh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 66363C44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0D9161BB7h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 907EFA62h
xor     eax, 243D2347h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9954052Ch
sub     eax, 0AD8037A0h
xor     eax, 2768B72Ah
xor     eax, 0E1AB120Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 100E6005h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0BF0C3C0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0FB8C5A00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 767E9ABAh
add     eax, 0F1A13891h
sub     eax, 0D2BA2CDCh
add     eax, 7387B522h
sub     eax, 0BE8752AEh
sub     eax, 2F745681h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A6BCB467h
xor     eax, 0ED87DDC2h
add     eax, 0D600D843h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 11E62BD0h
sub     eax, 0B4DFC268h
add     eax, 0D484B8C5h
add     eax, 568459C0h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0AF68E2ABh
add     eax, 9DB0B5E9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4BF9B457h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0CE948C06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8C2009EAh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 8DC05D65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D5BC2BD3h
sub     eax, 66518915h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 60AD178Dh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0BDBF6E58h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1076CA46h
sub     eax, 8988125Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0BF2144A7h
add     eax, 580BBE25h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E14614A4h
add     eax, 91931BE2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0D67F9A44h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 85943565h
xor     eax, 8EC61F0Ah
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A7D01174h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 513DE709h
xor     eax, 6BFF217Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 618B9149h
not     eax
add     eax, 5D8A0F81h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9265F12Eh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 8B060548h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 8BDB5DBDh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 9C5B5456h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E2095F6Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 79F14545h
add     eax, 561711B3h
add     eax, 77E41F61h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C9DCAF08h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0D323FE96h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 1D850BC3h
add     eax, 7E357012h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EA44EFF7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 70129EEDh
sub     eax, 5DD9868Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0EC3E2354h
xor     eax, 668A387Ch
add     eax, 26C49365h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 84EA534Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 9002988Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A8E215B0h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 160999AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 1D56B1BCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A7A5F0EAh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0F1BBD66Fh
sub     eax, 0F41DC81Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F2A5C7C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C241A589h
sub     eax, 8F15CEB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D097E458h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 10228887h
sub     eax, 5A7FD3CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FFBD49C2h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 41F9C7CAh
xor     eax, 0FA584473h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 489AB056h
add     eax, 5491F3F9h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 22F1D357h
add     eax, 2D82599Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 6B2F0E6Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 42FB8A3Fh
xor     eax, 9FA828FBh
xor     eax, 2347EE2Fh
sub     eax, 4A94F5CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3C91D6A9h
add     eax, 391C83D9h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0DB9FB3C9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0E0A355DAh
xor     eax, 0CCF306C0h
add     eax, 0DB41C9D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 8F572DA7h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 172D07E4h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E4F56E6Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2E3A5B76h
add     eax, 0BA531840h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 44268636h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DFFF76A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D1EF196Fh
sub     eax, 0E5FC7DDAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F0148B15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 34F73DA9h
add     eax, 0C47D23F2h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 31A1B3A6h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 17BDC520h
xor     eax, 895E2197h
xor     eax, 667C1E81h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 674F7493h
xor     eax, 9F00C558h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0E5D9E4CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 299AC854h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 12C0595Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 8788F852h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0D6AF749Fh
add     eax, 0F39A2684h
sub     eax, 0A1F3D6A1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 7C878048h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 19AC9929h
add     eax, 0B611A35Ch
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 72D176BDh
sub     eax, 0C135A29Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 27336CB1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B243305Ah
add     eax, 105C195Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 96FBD1DEh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0BA13CE48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2D73D704h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 54B688FDh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 838B863Bh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0CAACD7B0h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5B06C323h
sub     eax, 0B1F88AA4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 5AD9A125h
sub     eax, 4E0D6D0Ah
sub     eax, 0EC05BB9Dh
sub     eax, 9785B52Bh
xor     eax, 387E97E1h
add     eax, 0E86E1113h
sub     eax, 15F184A5h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0BA37388Ah
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A723E28Ah
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 830A13F0h
add     eax, 79D25A57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 62CD21BFh
xor     eax, 53471CEFh
sub     eax, 369E4D65h
add     eax, 3C47345Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 996B10D5h
xor     eax, 0E4153DBFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 738857E0h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D8B9F7F9h
add     eax, 710D4BB3h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0D06F2F2Eh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 4211D17Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 4A0E7262h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 44AE3625h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0A8847234h
not     eax
sub     eax, 44A36F63h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7E6C0A45h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 241821BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5C5B7DEEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1CF5B3A8h
sub     eax, 0FD4E4FC6h
add     eax, 0EE37E9A3h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 3873FABBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ABEBEC75h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 77460406h
xor     eax, 0EB481339h
sub     eax, 0C6BC3AAEh
sub     eax, 3E9C1934h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 57EA9456h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 193BA74Fh
add     eax, 0AFD173A5h
xor     eax, 96137CC1h
sub     eax, 17FC5177h
sub     eax, 602BAB50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 5B5A8B33h
add     eax, 6938BC46h
xor     eax, 7E728717h
xor     eax, 43BDB920h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7DAE8563h
add     eax, 3C95F683h
add     eax, 0B9F8750Eh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F2D61A45h
sub     eax, 0ECEF44B4h
sub     eax, 0B451D861h
xor     eax, 0D4434379h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 12DEA455h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 23426516h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0CE922A98h
sub     eax, 0C56B3D1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0BFA40565h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2650EBF9h
sub     eax, 0A487D9AFh
add     eax, 0EB7E9BCEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 70E4F692h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0EE616B77h
not     eax
sub     eax, 36CC868Ch
sub     eax, 0F50A0616h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 645F9C7Ch
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 4214786Ah
xor     eax, 9CF3B4E8h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C482D0F2h
sub     eax, 0C6280155h
add     eax, 0DC4B7F92h
add     eax, 671E475Ch
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 48ABF29Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF3FF292h
add     eax, 5105A75Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FBEE43C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 91A71E2Dh
xor     eax, 0B8442B32h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 3CBA4659h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 7838478Ah
sub     eax, 6C919395h
add     eax, 4A91E8F7h
sub     eax, 0C9C52046h
sub     eax, 0CDDB5BAFh
add     eax, 30656F5Bh
xor     eax, 1FE5F023h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0ABE1E5FFh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 75680BA2h
xor     eax, 1A91CEFDh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0B1D6C83Eh
add     eax, 0EA8943D2h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0BEA6451Ch
xor     eax, 11115463h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DD5E2D62h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3B5C9FDFh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 48DA650Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C56BF7FDh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 625F2B60h
add     eax, 0F444A355h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 13BE77AAh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 958E6D6Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 52B82945h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8DDDD8A1h
sub     eax, 0FAE2EBB9h
add     eax, 2218D011h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 7355A833h
not     eax
add     eax, 2B59141Ah
xor     eax, 0F32373BEh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F8BFB465h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0FAF91CF2h
xor     eax, 73F029B7h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CAD5C833h
sub     eax, 3C133341h
add     eax, 0FA008CDCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 43E1F6C0h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 69F54E23h
add     eax, 8BAC5A40h
sub     eax, 36834590h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D38454CEh
xor     eax, 932A45BBh
add     eax, 8672B214h
add     eax, 5C254758h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 1883DFE3h
xor     eax, 393351EFh
sub     eax, 0D1CEAB48h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 86F03402h
sub     eax, 93AD47A4h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 33211E65h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0DDA706DCh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0DC5AF6EBh
sub     eax, 0D746BCB2h
sub     eax, 260370D7h
sub     eax, 7B0182E8h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6AC78EB2h
add     eax, 6027060Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0F55B932Ah
xor     eax, 0A30B10B8h
add     eax, 1F674875h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5DD44608h
sub     eax, 0F0F2098Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 882994D7h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 86885F71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0C152C670h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0AD9ED4AAh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 722AF284h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 523526B9h
sub     eax, 0F84D177Ch
add     eax, 0A677E2D6h
add     eax, 25DD5FF6h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 1F0477B1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 9B284BACh
add     eax, 0B6950120h
xor     eax, 962BC02Eh
sub     eax, 0BE5795A4h
add     eax, 0D4D6290Fh
sub     eax, 0B8F90DD3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EE1B6218h
add     eax, 78544E19h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 247DF51Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0C449AF6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 88B8FC40h
add     eax, 2828F290h
sub     eax, 0CA9FFDE2h
add     eax, 0A44D4C44h
add     eax, 9683C137h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 4A643D10h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 6EE050B2h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5B5306F4h
sub     eax, 25C68143h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 53A6794Fh
sub     eax, 0A7FBC97Ch
add     eax, 118BECFAh
add     eax, 1A417D17h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 93E54DE5h
add     eax, 922A25D9h
sub     eax, 0D32D06DBh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1E19A10Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 458EA2AFh
sub     eax, 7C616A23h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A00EF89Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 83D10ED3h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2E59D8A6h
add     eax, 0E18CBF7Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 10EF69A3h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0DEE2835Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EA5DC913h
add     eax, 0F614285Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 4C85E10Bh
xor     eax, 3E803EECh
sub     eax, 4CF318B1h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 48F7A52Ch
xor     eax, 0ABD6B642h
not     eax
add     eax, 8A4AB689h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 18CC95B3h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0CB2F9689h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B5ADA0BDh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 41D2CF13h
xor     eax, 1C8CA51Eh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BF450A04h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 1E90AC61h
add     eax, 0E139085Fh
sub     eax, 0CE84A12Dh
xor     eax, 0C29ECA29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 13E588ADh
add     eax, 0F955F075h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 47A921F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0DB018F0Ah
sub     eax, 2ADF438Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A46168BBh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 9DE5CEC5h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4C34D96Bh
add     eax, 0CCF33917h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6A7AE882h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 23499DBFh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E904A6D6h
xor     eax, 0EED07EAFh
sub     eax, 0F7B47480h
xor     eax, 0AC048A46h
xor     eax, 0C230E968h
add     eax, 0E066DBC3h
add     eax, 7FC69011h
not     eax
xor     eax, 40284DABh
sub     eax, 0CDC0230Fh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 30E518ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 72143932h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0C53CEEA9h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0FCE0470Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0D50B7CFAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4DFDD7B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 11013E2Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 9947838Bh
add     eax, 0FE08DF1Bh
sub     eax, 7413313Fh
add     eax, 9CF2DE38h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0ACCA666Eh
xor     eax, 819BE2B2h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1FD6E413h
add     eax, 250CD617h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 630343AFh
xor     eax, 0CB4E03FCh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0C8FE4669h
sub     eax, 0C615615Ch
xor     eax, 0D0EF1CD0h
not     eax
add     eax, 647EAC27h
xor     eax, 0D413F4D0h
add     eax, 0D4B6A4E1h
sub     eax, 14B51932h
sub     eax, 12F15297h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0DC1DBCABh
sub     eax, 0A2D999C8h
xor     eax, 0FBD8A345h
xor     eax, 4954E568h
sub     eax, 0CD106AB2h
add     eax, 0F926FC1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 1ADCFB84h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 47D3E94Dh
sub     eax, 0ABFB36B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1816855Dh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0A925156Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 49C979CDh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B39105B2h
xor     eax, 8BC28621h
xor     eax, 2E7AB573h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 3CF00186h
add     eax, 6DFE4AF4h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 61EDD550h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 6C87F929h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0E004B3B8h
sub     eax, 4848804Ah
add     eax, 0CA9A1C17h
sub     eax, 939A8D4Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D2FE71D2h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 93E2CA0Eh
xor     eax, 0EE3884A3h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 4511462Ah
add     eax, 0F07EA4F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 79BDB5AFh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 8032E662h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0AD955B3Ch
add     eax, 0E1581895h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 17A84DFEh
sub     eax, 26C0CF91h
add     eax, 0CA5E4E3Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0FD3F6DF8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D63FA297h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0C7C164CEh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 2CFC0543h
add     eax, 0DC5AB4A9h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 9286AAE0h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 1BD0603Fh
xor     eax, 5571E32Dh
xor     eax, 0D7540A03h
sub     eax, 556D99E5h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 139D71B0h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0EDD16791h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B514197h
xor     eax, 85539473h
xor     eax, 5BD1C8DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 35681B8Fh
sub     eax, 2F069511h
sub     eax, 22CDE526h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0DD1CD179h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0F61541B6h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0E882B9CCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D4CC7E72h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 6BCBD697h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 92854909h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 339FCBA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0B147FD60h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 8F76CD36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0B4530D43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AEBEA32Fh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0D41C0153h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 93BAA986h
sub     eax, 8B7A7D38h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2371E166h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A1168F85h
xor     eax, 435BF96Dh
xor     eax, 0CFC4F954h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 8175A967h
add     eax, 1DE2A1B0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 9D39B986h
add     eax, 0AE995002h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FDF24BA0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0B0009B03h
xor     eax, 6F9753A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 639B3D06h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 982288FCh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0FA2177CAh
xor     eax, 32221DA0h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 348AD85Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BAD7C1D1h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 5317D126h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 286F3E21h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0B3F7A363h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0AA6CFADCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A5569EE9h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 12890335h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 25E07288h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 6C7907E2h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5223B5C8h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 546A8F60h
sub     eax, 0BEBD438Dh
sub     eax, 0F728FDF9h
xor     eax, 9E2653A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9662620Ch
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 8C485FE3h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 836DA595h
add     eax, 4299632Ah
xor     eax, 5F5CD3FEh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0B928A260h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 9535D6BCh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F070D697h
sub     eax, 571A5AB1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2880DECAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B1B5151h
add     eax, 3570BF2Bh
sub     eax, 0AAFAE02Fh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 724958C2h
xor     eax, 0FFCACD41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7D7515DBh
sub     eax, 7AA62405h
sub     eax, 0B83FAA30h
xor     eax, 10CA69C6h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1BD42E2Ah
xor     eax, 4168C43Fh
xor     eax, 4FDBD7BCh
xor     eax, 69B61F60h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 14861DEEh
xor     eax, 6A091885h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 6B8DB0B2h
sub     eax, 0CB267D7Dh
add     eax, 881E92C1h
add     eax, 8C8AB940h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B990C767h
add     eax, 6A79A73Ah
add     eax, 0E19A6ED3h
xor     eax, 0A8FC0267h
add     eax, 2F734873h
add     eax, 0BD5C3647h
xor     eax, 4E053363h
add     eax, 881720D1h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 661505D5h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EAC7DDD9h
add     eax, 0E72E3585h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0EB3F32EDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 8A5970ABh
sub     eax, 38217F58h
xor     eax, 0D22C16A4h
xor     eax, 4A55D8E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D0C5E90Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 4CFBD67Fh
add     eax, 13875C68h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0D7FB3BBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F3591109h
add     eax, 0F4A32F0Bh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 4BAFDB18h
xor     eax, 41FBD74Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 1AE39132h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0D35F5533h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 398650AAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6BFDB487h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 964356C8h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0E91A1850h
not     eax
add     eax, 8E48BB95h
xor     eax, 495ED685h
add     eax, 79DC0E25h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F760FA5Ah
add     eax, 723F9FDCh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0EF052637h
sub     eax, 2F89BF0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 6814497Bh
xor     eax, 0A8B3B495h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B27288B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 66CAF22Bh
sub     eax, 33260F54h
sub     eax, 0D6D378FCh
add     eax, 4BBDBC4Dh
add     eax, 6AF68963h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 621CBA42h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 4D0296CFh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 7E7347B3h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A4B2650Fh
xor     eax, 2633A66Ah
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0D9C07688h
xor     eax, 0B32C60FBh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CE56B480h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 3F5914F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8175F20Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7B7F77CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 98530384h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 97A62749h
xor     eax, 375F335Ch
add     eax, 307E8058h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 56592D1Eh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0A3BB58B4h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0D3AD185Ch
add     eax, 0BBE87E03h
add     eax, 24632829h
add     eax, 0E9D8C52Eh
sub     eax, 99A80FD5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 2E535E6Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F723A8B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 4C63DE19h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 238B89EBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 76F286D6h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DCDE9130h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0C5C17B92h
add     eax, 2F98D914h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A3586843h
add     eax, 5EFBFA93h
sub     eax, 0D0BE3E76h
xor     eax, 438BB27Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 4889DBD4h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BCBB53F3h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 60338BBFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 53C6F67Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 35E5A1ABh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 675127C5h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 81B40ECEh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 9D6C0829h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 76C925F4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 682CC69Ch
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 6AB50C9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8B528CD2h
sub     eax, 0A9DD60A5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C2DD149Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4B335C90h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0B076E305h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 160FDD7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 98DA6C61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1F8F80ABh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0E9369155h
not     eax
add     eax, 393BF15Ah
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 40FFD036h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0A592CB0Eh
add     eax, 34A3A7A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 431E3E02h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 9C8B28B7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CC7C7E5Dh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B0914F8h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0F03EAC5Eh
xor     eax, 0BE1A0165h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2DF7DBEDh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0E8107054h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A395F380h
xor     eax, 0E00CD815h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 4FCFBCC4h
xor     eax, 23107B90h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 73B8328Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0CAB1FCCBh
add     eax, 0CA790297h
sub     eax, 7AB91E9Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 2505180Fh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5ADFE608h
sub     eax, 7EBBED36h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C8049682h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DE3046B6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0D2288ECAh
xor     eax, 0CC13951Bh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AEF2D7B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C2EAA45Ch
sub     eax, 6A21586Dh
sub     eax, 0A02042ECh
sub     eax, 0BEBBFB89h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A5E43560h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A5E9C9BAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0FB7226AEh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F54BCFCEh
xor     eax, 6F815F5Ah
xor     eax, 5754E4EFh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0CAEF76FEh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 919FC447h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7E4FE351h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0C37095BFh
add     eax, 0DFDD8BBFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DDF28C35h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1A77F01Ch
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D844061Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 50E98D30h
sub     eax, 0A24B6D7Fh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0A2E97CADh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 1D44E885h
sub     eax, 252DD4AAh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0CDD25539h
xor     eax, 7BB450DBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0E0A3CBA2h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0FB19591Eh
xor     eax, 28F89812h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0E0ECFC63h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4FF52C74h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1DB4487Dh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 14DC8665h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0F65C802Ch
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 9CA1C132h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 9270F8A6h
add     eax, 46FC212Ch
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0A7DBBDBFh
sub     eax, 0B8F7D4A3h
sub     eax, 74B18830h
xor     eax, 942B238Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 273392EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0DCA4EF90h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0A79BA0D0h
xor     eax, 3E9816C4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 509A4EEDh
add     eax, 54D538BDh
sub     eax, 99A8E9E2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 132F3DD8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BBD3BF0Ah
sub     eax, 9F0DAE1Dh
add     eax, 0D2059DB1h
sub     eax, 0E642A812h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0E81FD708h
xor     eax, 58E73349h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2CE18AA4h
add     eax, 0D90DA90Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DE01270Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 10EFDC6Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 29D69714h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0E1CD95AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A0FC683Ah
xor     eax, 2BB62D18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C102C2F1h
sub     eax, 84991353h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 805CCE9Bh
xor     eax, 62C4E88Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0CE48F53Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 7295F4A8h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AC772B18h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 60E85F74h
add     eax, 6FD30B87h
xor     eax, 0F00524ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F98FC934h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 86A0522Dh
add     eax, 0BE2D3255h
sub     eax, 13D6D76Ch
add     eax, 0BFF7B6EBh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0F508430Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 2F275E6Dh
sub     eax, 0D398441Fh
sub     eax, 0ACCF31EFh
add     eax, 0E30CCE10h
xor     eax, 641A4392h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 3DA0B7FFh
sub     eax, 13CF6B60h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0C0A718D6h
sub     eax, 0E32D26E6h
xor     eax, 84574EE4h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0E93D87D7h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 87A86023h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 59C453C1h
add     eax, 1B9ADBF8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A82225D5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A0F33FDEh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CDEBE085h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 572D9876h
add     eax, 1681322Eh
sub     eax, 0F73DC355h
xor     eax, 39127794h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DDDEDA74h
xor     eax, 63AAC230h
xor     eax, 713BCDDBh
add     eax, 60871760h
xor     eax, 5D9CCA73h
add     eax, 0ED1431ACh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 1DE1F35Ch
add     eax, 0E9306348h
add     eax, 64BA326Dh
xor     eax, 0A827F5A9h
xor     eax, 8D5A7C8Ch
sub     eax, 9F6333ADh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 9BDABC87h
add     eax, 0E873852Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 8C011493h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0F41F68B5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 10C0F7B2h
sub     eax, 6E11338Dh
xor     eax, 81AA7D5Ah
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 910F33C6h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0F4AE9FC5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 768C95B5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5E0ECED2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0E30682B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0E5E1D8ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 8247633Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 667D2C0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 158E587Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA65053Ah
sub     eax, 33277596h
xor     eax, 0D9A8DEDCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FB6151D6h
xor     eax, 0C0787A26h
sub     eax, 0A788FB62h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 4258C217h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0EDC1769Fh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0A81FF689h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 49021D74h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AB8C71F8h
xor     eax, 0CD426B58h
xor     eax, 631E8F85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0F68003DDh
sub     eax, 112A84EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CB9BB345h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EEA7D501h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E038EB6Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 12C11A35h
sub     eax, 0F1AE5DB4h
xor     eax, 5B79CE73h
sub     eax, 0B1DCF8A4h
sub     eax, 5A24AA1Ah
add     eax, 0F7E9C05Ch
add     eax, 59F582B1h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 8B350C7Ah
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 8BE2AE05h
add     eax, 0AEE1B43Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 277D45C7h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 4AE99DAAh
xor     eax, 0FBEE9062h
xor     eax, 0F6D5E1F5h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 1C977563h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E18D7CE9h
sub     eax, 493BF1EBh
sub     eax, 163D29A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 78809A6Ch
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 5655BBC5h
sub     eax, 567EE753h
xor     eax, 9CD3D856h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 572FC7B3h
xor     eax, 83FE9714h
add     eax, 3C642508h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 207F4867h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 7FAC4C40h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 18555D5Ch
sub     eax, 2734D8C8h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 86DC5C81h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6EB7BCACh
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 53103FC4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2B2226B5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C4633648h
sub     eax, 998F5A4Ch
xor     eax, 228819FAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D9C49B5Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 9A9BFD25h
add     eax, 0A452F5A5h
sub     eax, 9E9B29D5h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EF7FEB99h
xor     eax, 8F2992C0h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 871C6359h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0D18D8770h
add     eax, 1742D461h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EC61C373h
sub     eax, 0EAEDD8AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D3AAC212h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0E2AFCF65h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 34FCFB47h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0B74467B1h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0C4B0819Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 6918E505h
add     eax, 0C36DE15Bh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 8F832BF6h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CC0C64F3h
xor     eax, 5852448Eh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0EB2D19F1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 6A6BAA52h
add     eax, 8DBBDE89h
sub     eax, 47E1DE94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0D83CDD4Ah
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 9652C266h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0DA7159C2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D840CE50h
not     eax
add     eax, 93E325C1h
xor     eax, 0EC4D3AF6h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0AFF2DC62h
sub     eax, 524887E9h
add     eax, 2D42EB38h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C4DD50D5h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C2EBDEA5h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EEDBBA4Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 12538446h
xor     eax, 0A839FBCDh
not     eax
add     eax, 26C74D6Eh
xor     eax, 0A60721F5h
sub     eax, 499B16A2h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 3B103CC5h
xor     eax, 0BD2E9D01h
sub     eax, 7B107D3Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3FB5B1BDh
sub     eax, 0F3BEB349h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 90FAED0Ch
add     eax, 85596D29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 824B1ADCh
sub     eax, 0B175B204h
sub     eax, 79A4E25Eh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0A10A247Eh
xor     eax, 9B244B7Eh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0AC540435h
sub     eax, 0F567A11Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 36A8C68Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 98FB759Ah
xor     eax, 7DC8AB3Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2537F2C3h
add     eax, 9A4B2293h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 42F9DC97h
add     eax, 443F098Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 14F603A0h
sub     eax, 47F1108Fh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0D7C64578h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9627E387h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 4E82CD59h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 840C7776h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0C0FBA9DDh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 28F4074Dh
sub     eax, 0DE4508A6h
xor     eax, 65F2F3D7h
sub     eax, 207F75C8h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A1592B5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 95C5BF96h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 363060DAh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C748CC59h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 57461222h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ED320DD2h
xor     eax, 5E31751Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B4FDCA1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4602DD2Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 66D268FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DE6D870Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 37D9C4F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 953DB0BEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BE15D2BAh
add     eax, 0A9DA18BDh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0C9A0C16Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 616AD326h
sub     eax, 602CBD45h
xor     eax, 0DA6BE41Fh
add     eax, 42F261A0h
add     eax, 0D545CB5Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 7716F233h
add     eax, 0D521F836h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 837B351Ch
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 85542353h
sub     eax, 3E975A7Ah
xor     eax, 7898BEF4h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 1C0C85F6h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 304C633Fh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 2AC501E5h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 96879693h
sub     eax, 906FEEAEh
sub     eax, 0C6849416h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A72DAAD2h
add     eax, 0BB161EC2h
xor     eax, 1C44FEC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 1100B3DFh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9282A6E2h
sub     eax, 69F1F9EFh
xor     eax, 4317FE82h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E984F673h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 46CEC3DDh
add     eax, 707AEF67h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 78466823h
not     eax
sub     eax, 402DC4F5h
xor     eax, 0A1FC0CB1h
sub     eax, 64B0D906h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AE1BE8F4h
add     eax, 0A1BC5933h
sub     eax, 0B7FB065Bh
xor     eax, 0E40C2B2Bh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 8E76F26Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 60131FB1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3F846B0Fh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DEED2A8Ah
add     eax, 0E841B0E7h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 83848402h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 641715E9h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0CCFC319Fh
xor     eax, 2824CFE9h
add     eax, 4FA1ED0Bh
xor     eax, 0F4AC95E1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0FB6114F9h
add     eax, 0FBD4C5B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DEF2A322h
xor     eax, 1DE4D3D0h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 8E2A9469h
xor     eax, 38E9447Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 4554BC1Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 6A399699h
xor     eax, 7C2D6610h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0B93E2D57h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0C6DD5AD5h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 32EB9466h
not     eax
xor     eax, 44B96B37h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B612A137h
sub     eax, 0FC8A28DDh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 1128DD3Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 2CBC651Bh
add     eax, 0C7D7B885h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 32D3C118h
sub     eax, 92A677C1h
add     eax, 1639349Bh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 23950D1Dh
sub     eax, 1E1137B9h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 52D5BFDDh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E28D9134h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 48EB1F32h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0E9E91BE3h
xor     eax, 8319966Bh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BC8130ECh
xor     eax, 0F140371Ah
add     eax, 0EF5CE7B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 6340AAA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8823B574h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0C0E93669h
add     eax, 0D008CA93h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0C2102706h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0EDEDCA90h
add     eax, 89BA1A1Dh
xor     eax, 7636576Dh
add     eax, 18F804F9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0B981CEB9h
sub     eax, 0BE51B2C7h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 7619D708h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 1BF8DD3Dh
sub     eax, 0F21CF240h
xor     eax, 62C11BDBh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 78DF2E68h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8048283Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 88597DCEh
add     eax, 0FAEE1403h
add     eax, 6345EFE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0E5342490h
add     eax, 0B18EE40Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0E945764Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 91B26C52h
xor     eax, 0CAB9B1DFh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 68BAAD1Ah
add     eax, 0DD56B74Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B90AE95Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 252C225Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A7543756h
xor     eax, 8C71386Dh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0B13E9811h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 9B8F6C36h
xor     eax, 0D6EA08B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0DDAD94C6h
xor     eax, 0F20EF4F4h
sub     eax, 50D8B085h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 9AC873D1h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 2FFB44CAh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0FB8D8C4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 6EBBBC1Eh
add     eax, 38B2111Ah
add     eax, 0F271E5B0h
sub     eax, 0D25596E0h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 190360E5h
sub     eax, 44B57197h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DC7D515Ah
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 486C468Fh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0E8F3B73Fh
add     eax, 41E8BF5Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C730BF9Ch
add     eax, 2388A8E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3AF9456Bh
xor     eax, 63F312EBh
sub     eax, 0D11BE3DFh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0DAD9D6F3h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 1FEB27A8h
sub     eax, 1EDFC8BBh
not     eax
add     eax, 6CC19931h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B5A04FCDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 191AF5DBh
xor     eax, 0DE1D78C2h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 6EB74508h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8F835B06h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0D8291038h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0DED22910h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A1A96EB2h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 61CB0E1Dh
xor     eax, 12624C2Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 5416794Ch
add     eax, 0BFCBCF74h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B49C4AD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0E17A2F01h
xor     eax, 79A143CAh
sub     eax, 6CEFE321h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 90CFE0EDh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 168A892Fh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0F1CD5128h
not     eax
add     eax, 74B38B47h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 0D2DC6634h
sub     eax, 2757A98Ah
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 8A364D6Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D1B35F00h
add     eax, 45F11BCEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 67731584h
sub     eax, 0AD972480h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 6D1438CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C4DF1B12h
sub     eax, 2834949Ah
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 423CBF65h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 759B84ABh
add     eax, 391BBBEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9C70522Ch
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0B4CE8FC2h
xor     eax, 0A8BD2729h
sub     eax, 7C855E0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 19C7BFD7h
xor     eax, 28165D0Ch
xor     eax, 0FEE00C08h
xor     eax, 4D099860h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0E0BAABC6h
xor     eax, 0D24E9EACh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 2CD74522h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 14CEF466h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F647ED65h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9306D446h
sub     eax, 0EA688EE3h
xor     eax, 1901D67Fh
add     eax, 0A4033C2Dh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0A32AAFD9h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 64CB7466h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 943548FCh
sub     eax, 0C0AA5A90h
sub     eax, 0ABD60A4Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0FDE350FEh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0EBEAAEB8h
xor     eax, 65D27813h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0F3231007h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 19D4E321h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 1F3EDD3Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B3A972E0h
sub     eax, 364E57F9h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 60EFE626h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 608BADA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 1BFB485Bh
xor     eax, 5A61DC66h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 7AFE87DCh
add     eax, 8E541234h
sub     eax, 93EAE228h
sub     eax, 3DC842C2h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0ECFC4107h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1253C435h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F02DD38Ah
add     eax, 0C7156134h
sub     eax, 0D9ACD979h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0C628982Bh
add     eax, 766CC5F5h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0B26B07DCh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2A023F40h
xor     eax, 3F152453h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 737C64C9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 71B75417h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0C3E701E9h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 35385A0Ah
add     eax, 2D834E81h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 8785BBDFh
sub     eax, 0D1BBC8F3h
sub     eax, 36391064h
not     eax
add     eax, 75950BE1h
sub     eax, 0EB01A86Fh
sub     eax, 0BB5F0197h
sub     eax, 0D6C885ECh
xor     eax, 0E22FA098h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0AFBA4BDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 970E27E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 78E622D6h
add     eax, 2A3A9A1Ch
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 8A7524B1h
sub     eax, 0B9C33BBAh
xor     eax, 70AA0FBAh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0E4F34DC4h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 8DFF32D0h
xor     eax, 0A5118FFAh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 458AC253h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0B1CB281Fh
xor     eax, 0AB8F110Bh
xor     eax, 824B1085h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0A48091F2h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0EF036B07h
xor     eax, 9870B4A2h
xor     eax, 5D7A95B7h
sub     eax, 7D34E5A8h
sub     eax, 81E63D93h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0FAF4E1B8h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 6D0D0479h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A4676E6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 85FB77EBh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4A51F452h
sub     eax, 4583F6FBh
sub     eax, 6D043B9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C999E130h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0F02E95E5h
add     eax, 0CCDDCB34h
add     eax, 56C9FA46h
sub     eax, 0C81C778Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0C7886079h
add     eax, 78CBDAF1h
sub     eax, 0DC45A1EEh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0AF822D7Eh
sub     eax, 29C5AA8Dh
xor     eax, 0E5734C86h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 153684EDh
add     eax, 624DEA8Bh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0C6DC4ED8h
sub     eax, 2E7AD1DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A0354BC9h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0E0248030h
xor     eax, 93DE278Eh
add     eax, 11871C49h
add     eax, 0D6464412h
xor     eax, 6C37B48Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E82C92ABh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F888684Dh
xor     eax, 27339F16h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 1CD28A14h
xor     eax, 0CC8C13ACh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0A8A49A42h
not     eax
xor     eax, 47D67390h
sub     eax, 0ADA2C996h
add     eax, 0FB4370F0h
xor     eax, 2EDD2107h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 4AE3D6E0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 168FFA04h
xor     eax, 6C14796Dh
add     eax, 0A9A5D899h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0BC18C193h
add     eax, 736D04D5h
xor     eax, 213D515Dh
add     eax, 30831329h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 608CF84Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0AE55CB3Bh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0E05BA5AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 13169BCBh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0D93DE396h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0AD36271Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 608DE7FFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FAB23212h
sub     eax, 4EB0CABFh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0B1D81483h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 7097B54Eh
xor     eax, 756921D9h
xor     eax, 0E2CB865Bh
add     eax, 0E6736795h
sub     eax, 0A0CF9CDAh
add     eax, 18832887h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4901697Dh
add     eax, 1C05D6E9h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0D5169D66h
xor     eax, 0E7134B9Bh
sub     eax, 6162188Bh
xor     eax, 37BA8726h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FB2BA941h
add     eax, 0CF685656h
xor     eax, 795DBEBEh
add     eax, 0C257C06Eh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1873C638h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 7618155Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0B7F90DBAh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B6B5B3C7h
add     eax, 3524B7A5h
add     eax, 751E042Ah
add     eax, 0D568E02Bh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0A9740EA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4DCDC50Ah
xor     eax, 0EE56D754h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 2B7E65D7h
xor     eax, 23667BB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 45611DB0h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0FE15811Eh
sub     eax, 275B20D2h
xor     eax, 2DEFD749h
add     eax, 7B092F8Dh
xor     eax, 0DF21AFA3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 854C99AAh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D4184AC6h
add     eax, 0F011CC8Eh
add     eax, 9FB5EC5Ah
add     eax, 989A987Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 3C19D400h
xor     eax, 0CCC0F070h
sub     eax, 0AA9077CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 4FDF6E4Eh
xor     eax, 30FA2E91h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 4AB30D5Dh
add     eax, 49DAC35Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DF86AA99h
xor     eax, 8AEABF78h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0D9D8CB18h
add     eax, 0D90556A5h
xor     eax, 88D8FC03h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CCC7715Bh
xor     eax, 0F0B67BA5h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A1EA3680h
sub     eax, 3016AB92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 285FD3E4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0D9DE468Eh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EF935725h
add     eax, 0C88AE93Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4A4EBBC5h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0BC490DD1h
add     eax, 564B50D3h
add     eax, 0DAB2B12Ch
add     eax, 4C355348h
xor     eax, 0A5A149CCh
xor     eax, 0B88EABFBh
sub     eax, 54141231h
sub     eax, 5E5D42D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 314F8119h
xor     eax, 3445942Ah
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 6267A0A6h
sub     eax, 72EF2815h
xor     eax, 0C5D28F17h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 2945B659h
sub     eax, 0B54E5FFBh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 9E377D7Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BB051D35h
not     eax
add     eax, 5B7BD085h
add     eax, 0CB455CBBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA669D8Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0EB1A9ABCh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0E14C63F1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1C410539h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 57326B03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6DBC5F98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1181A609h
not     eax
add     eax, 9C96D15Eh
add     eax, 3D2A73A0h
add     eax, 0D1D6E7BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0CF4A6358h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 72C75458h
sub     eax, 0ABAC9A7Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 4C56F10Dh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 3F9145D2h
sub     eax, 8B999BA5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A2BD5434h
xor     eax, 0B691E51Bh
sub     eax, 0DEDE69A9h
sub     eax, 0A449C0F8h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 750A5530h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2CAA02CFh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0C23C828Dh
sub     eax, 4334867Bh
add     eax, 42D3F55Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0A47330E6h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 49EFD806h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 39F987EEh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 179C456Eh
add     eax, 0D98AC13Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A057B5E7h
xor     eax, 24F62084h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1FCD3165h
sub     eax, 0AD223116h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 1100E1ACh
xor     eax, 63C7724Fh
sub     eax, 0ACF427DDh
sub     eax, 82E45525h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 279D9E8Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 59686F50h
sub     eax, 0BECBC840h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 4796E161h
xor     eax, 35596B36h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0F455040Eh
sub     eax, 0AF1D8B4Ah
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 12300E8Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C9F4CB7Ch
xor     eax, 0C9FAAF61h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 46339B52h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 7612BE94h
add     eax, 0A0AA5EE3h
sub     eax, 7ADE52ABh
xor     eax, 876678CAh
sub     eax, 0B198A64Dh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BEF2B974h
xor     eax, 6EE5484Ah
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 42143849h
sub     eax, 35287E66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1B09AB5Ah
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0A1B7C119h
not     eax
add     eax, 50DAF6AEh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0B3BCFA10h
add     eax, 896AA0D4h
xor     eax, 0B9E92DACh
xor     eax, 1F7C2E03h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1ABBDE81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 2A906536h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A5982870h
add     eax, 0EBE0A3D4h
add     eax, 3DFC0CDFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F3FADC83h
sub     eax, 488D7528h
add     eax, 0BE5567A5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3AE86A16h
add     eax, 2DFE056Eh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 8DD200AAh
add     eax, 0C3E1E188h
sub     eax, 749AAF7Ch
add     eax, 8C7D22D5h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0A8E3F918h
add     eax, 7BEBE0D5h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 66D24B4Fh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 6226D038h
add     eax, 3BC30273h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 9047A918h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DE699E7Eh
xor     eax, 3F0D04ADh
xor     eax, 0D95C512Dh
xor     eax, 2CF4FD7Dh
xor     eax, 81500058h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 7029FBA9h
add     eax, 0D0B79724h
sub     eax, 3375818Ch
sub     eax, 0B385EB09h
xor     eax, 188B5CDEh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 24BBD3A2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 1931E7B0h
sub     eax, 94387CF9h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 96F18B3Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 610716FAh
sub     eax, 0BF04F67Bh
xor     eax, 93F8C477h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 48124EC8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BDFAA43Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0D07AF48Ah
xor     eax, 9CED2104h
add     eax, 15F6A23Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 7E55403Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5DE07189h
xor     eax, 0DAFB62A6h
add     eax, 63D16811h
sub     eax, 78E4C528h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 1D757436h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0AC6A0C9Fh
xor     eax, 35DAF606h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0A77D1F61h
sub     eax, 0ED2BF3A2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 631150C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 585FABA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EEEE1723h
not     eax
xor     eax, 405E01D7h
sub     eax, 53E78DAEh
sub     eax, 0C7D7531Bh
xor     eax, 0D7DCEA2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 831D2555h
add     eax, 0E87D3526h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C7A2548Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 6CD18B6Ah
add     eax, 97159AC2h
add     eax, 1AFA6FF6h
xor     eax, 0C8A65935h
sub     eax, 854BAD1Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 9E9F5A8Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 6D2A4F7Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 26AE39DFh
add     eax, 9688F09Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 22B5FDFAh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 974F3773h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 17093C6Eh
xor     eax, 0A8385215h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5A6B0D23h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 5157774Ch
sub     eax, 515A15DFh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 2911D9E2h
add     eax, 0F2C8BD39h
xor     eax, 0E8DEAFB9h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 84F1D8DAh
xor     eax, 2C6B15F5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 72C13E64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 4B8482C4h
xor     eax, 0DC7EE1A1h
add     eax, 5AA54A3Dh
sub     eax, 57F826CCh
add     eax, 588E6900h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F60999B0h
sub     eax, 352DADA8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BCFAF7A0h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 9E8821A7h
xor     eax, 51BBE9D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EED09807h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5DF786DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 98E25EBBh
xor     eax, 5DA988D0h
xor     eax, 19A9DF1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0D07A4688h
sub     eax, 0B4A63842h
add     eax, 0CC6E304Eh
add     eax, 176F91C1h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 60962E34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F76C131Fh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 31302727h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0FBE61AA7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 64773E8Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2B6B9387h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 60C523BCh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7C89A96Bh
sub     eax, 0FF30403Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C32739E4h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0A91FA190h
not     eax
sub     eax, 14FD4F62h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1A70592Ah
sub     eax, 0AD8C33EAh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0C1519210h
not     eax
add     eax, 205D71AAh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 3E4ED5DBh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F923846Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 491F75C6h
sub     eax, 0B61EBC3Ah
xor     eax, 0F511ECACh
sub     eax, 52AE64E3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C342043Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 20F02723h
not     eax
sub     eax, 821A84A5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0FF3E63F4h
xor     eax, 5E05D8E4h
sub     eax, 0C923D1B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 10BBC84Ch
add     eax, 2D9D1C50h
add     eax, 0F5787DD3h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 7D19E602h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 7EEB4893h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D1E47D2Ch
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FA5683E0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 3084B2DAh
xor     eax, 82D2C66Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0A566FE0Fh
xor     eax, 8D63E433h
sub     eax, 563BF05Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 5B85B91Ch
add     eax, 425F6620h
sub     eax, 0D2E4C358h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A5E8F3E5h
sub     eax, 73FDD597h
xor     eax, 772B0553h
add     eax, 0C125AB12h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0D66296A9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5FA4D507h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0A631D029h
sub     eax, 982588C8h
sub     eax, 0CF874F3Bh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 1DF2C149h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0BE59B975h
xor     eax, 195FD5F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DBD6C91Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 883B60B7h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 3E8712C5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 28560C59h
add     eax, 0BBC2592Bh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 64EF3BC3h
add     eax, 41B51631h
add     eax, 9059E654h
xor     eax, 0DC82F8B2h
xor     eax, 1088D073h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 10C4BBADh
not     eax
add     eax, 77B4A831h
xor     eax, 944D4EF1h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C33AB711h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1137909Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 21B682F3h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 7FDB4B7Eh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 2F10CFA5h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0D1686114h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 9915A86Dh
add     eax, 0B8FC15D2h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 68C35C7Ah
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 314C69BCh
xor     eax, 64206035h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0F2F4EA38h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 1130CD00h
add     eax, 0DC15A102h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5C6D4909h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 6432C1E1h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 56A6F3D3h
add     eax, 68F73D2Ah
add     eax, 2E1831A9h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 2E99D9A4h
xor     eax, 0ED69D09Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 537CB28Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0A32CA03Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0E184DE6Fh
sub     eax, 7F861992h
add     eax, 506F2802h
not     eax
add     eax, 4E14ACC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E6BE10C1h
sub     eax, 0FDFE7A07h
sub     eax, 4B1316B2h
xor     eax, 34C92E65h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E0D02FE5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EA3AA135h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 63A5C065h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 87C52138h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 9CDD7492h
xor     eax, 1842D203h
add     eax, 8FA98FF8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0A4723D5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 967EAB7Ah
sub     eax, 0A58E1073h
add     eax, 0D5AE0E91h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0C0A04A54h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 3C86B68Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5943B652h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E381547Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0AC2C8918h
sub     eax, 756F0F9Eh
xor     eax, 928D5469h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 603D53B3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D574C52Fh
xor     eax, 0F8A60F6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0C854A15Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0DDE5D487h
sub     eax, 0C0B179F1h
xor     eax, 794BC9C0h
add     eax, 0E169779Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E0596F3Bh
xor     eax, 417009DFh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 6ACFB3D6h
sub     eax, 0DCF18139h
sub     eax, 66706A71h
sub     eax, 57CA9446h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0D5FD5955h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 367A685Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 308F91B6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 34CD7ECCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 87D3AC20h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0F13B661Ch
xor     eax, 0B74BEFF1h
add     eax, 7C092CCDh
xor     eax, 0CA10BBB6h
sub     eax, 9F9B3482h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 67A722D0h
xor     eax, 32A720CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ACABEB40h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 6849322Bh
xor     eax, 42CBC950h
xor     eax, 5EE8A1DBh
sub     eax, 0B31CDD40h
add     eax, 55FF66E8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F9FDC4E4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0B4BB4F73h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 3E158659h
sub     eax, 3737A834h
not     eax
xor     eax, 75D41E36h
xor     eax, 8782000Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 2F3C87E1h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0C17151B3h
sub     eax, 169B017Fh
add     eax, 7D5ACA61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3CA10888h
add     eax, 1B8B884Ah
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 614C49A4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0EB266BC2h
xor     eax, 67614720h
not     eax
sub     eax, 98D9D31Ch
sub     eax, 3B2B2B76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6896F0F1h
xor     eax, 2E2BED22h
add     eax, 0D63AD20Eh
sub     eax, 6D40AE03h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0EFE918BCh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 86CE74F4h
sub     eax, 1C76508Dh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 93BF68F8h
sub     eax, 31C82BB5h
xor     eax, 0C33236B8h
add     eax, 0E8F271D3h
add     eax, 0E748BE71h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4BEF6601h
xor     eax, 9DAF67A8h
sub     eax, 6D3B85C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 429B7DA7h
sub     eax, 8DF50D10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 27484FF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5FD3F54Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 310F4B15h
sub     eax, 0B295A252h
sub     eax, 4636F8B0h
sub     eax, 5CF4057Ah
xor     eax, 0A0722FF3h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 78CCCC3Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5ABE0864h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BC52D3ECh
not     eax
sub     eax, 63F7D0AAh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AAE6F32Eh
xor     eax, 6F76DC2Fh
add     eax, 0D604CE86h
sub     eax, 0E8FD5896h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 71D49447h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0D615D4E7h
xor     eax, 54DF77D7h
sub     eax, 362C12CEh
sub     eax, 0D6BB837Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 3A9086A6h
add     eax, 66EC2BEEh
sub     eax, 26B945F3h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 444258DFh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 843F3B69h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 38E51396h
xor     eax, 2AFBF9C6h
xor     eax, 6251108Eh
add     eax, 78ED5311h
xor     eax, 259A4A12h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0F69CFC65h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 2D1AB8A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 11DDD803h
sub     eax, 1B08174Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 90BD108Dh
xor     eax, 92E25A95h
add     eax, 309F7AA4h
xor     eax, 0E90F4F7Ch
add     eax, 8BDE2911h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F3673E34h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D1B793E6h
add     eax, 1FC316DBh
sub     eax, 36F74CC5h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0E55FB4C5h
add     eax, 61F3FA19h
xor     eax, 2E00DEE4h
add     eax, 0BAAD52FCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 208EA107h
xor     eax, 3DB3AAF9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4E91A4B9h
add     eax, 0AD82F2E4h
xor     eax, 0DEAEEC97h
sub     eax, 5252D200h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7DEED09Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0CCD2FEEBh
add     eax, 4E7E1B70h
sub     eax, 3127124Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5F699EEEh
sub     eax, 0E5A7CE38h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0F648B60Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 955BDDDFh
xor     eax, 6E09A245h
add     eax, 0C9332A30h
sub     eax, 9D77AE09h
sub     eax, 62BAEB90h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 33B94488h
add     eax, 60908F43h
xor     eax, 0DA337C83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 4D3DD58Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0A09A32B1h
sub     eax, 911B67DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 33E6B8C4h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 8489E86Dh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BDDF9C6Ah
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7157B8CEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EF8E965Bh
sub     eax, 89773008h
sub     eax, 0C72B87CEh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0B7085677h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2D45849Dh
xor     eax, 91D5EFEEh
xor     eax, 8397D7B4h
sub     eax, 403BB612h
sub     eax, 0D508528Dh
add     eax, 0A78D1F98h
add     eax, 0EC698D32h
not     eax
xor     eax, 70664671h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0F26CA7BDh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DFF20679h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 87EDAE34h
xor     eax, 465C177Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0CFAE868Fh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 6C7D0677h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0A62A79F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 5BE27D7Bh
xor     eax, 0EBDBB868h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 56C2D554h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C3891505h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C0E6550Eh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 643FF143h
add     eax, 0E8C2F41Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 14923B4Dh
xor     eax, 0F98F7F03h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 28FE8442h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0E50B2C9Fh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 6C094AB9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E9CF896h
xor     eax, 0E27D7CC3h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 5F7F9724h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B44CB52Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0B481964Eh
xor     eax, 546ADCC4h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 357464AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0F6A0F806h
xor     eax, 4AA88250h
add     eax, 0C196DC70h
sub     eax, 0C7B28842h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6E915FDBh
sub     eax, 0BB195952h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0D44BC8C2h
sub     eax, 572D98DBh
sub     eax, 1ED7A1BFh
xor     eax, 0ED5F7182h
add     eax, 0AC1617AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7AC20E83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C9C1C445h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ADC5B41Fh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B691EE7Eh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 3D2BA5F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 20F898E2h
xor     eax, 0DC847624h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5F161894h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 78081D5Ah
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B9707E8Ah
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 68A237C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0C9F9454Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FD5F6A89h
sub     eax, 0F1AC61B2h
sub     eax, 0A608AA94h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 27755114h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C07A8206h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E78B35F3h
sub     eax, 87EEBAB3h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0E185AB0Eh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0CD2F6520h
not     eax
add     eax, 7B87DC53h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A5DAC435h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 944D1013h
xor     eax, 0E71A215Dh
xor     eax, 0BE1394B7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 51F44B53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C74AA36Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4AA70C81h
sub     eax, 5EF712DDh
xor     eax, 87458CBDh
xor     eax, 0AB22B446h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4B832728h
sub     eax, 0A1E96E7Eh
add     eax, 0C59901FAh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8BC476E1h
xor     eax, 166167C8h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0EAE66D39h
add     eax, 0FBF89F87h
not     eax
add     eax, 6B3E9529h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0DA878AB5h
add     eax, 3CA20429h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0F2E57230h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 954C90C2h
xor     eax, 0A2CF266Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 2DFB5B11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1F58A447h
xor     eax, 9BDAA12Eh
xor     eax, 0BB2860E2h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 33860282h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0A82787AEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 22F8D041h
sub     eax, 0A2864E17h
xor     eax, 0C22F0F7Fh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0A10EBEACh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A31CB0CCh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 6F4ACC01h
add     eax, 0D2A1DCB8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0BC444EF3h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0E5EFCE6Ch
sub     eax, 0F16771F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EE6403CAh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 73977452h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AE74F5DEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 9599FBD1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0C1DA23ECh
xor     eax, 89D44683h
xor     eax, 56DC08F1h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 54CC8B70h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3B773470h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7680BDB6h
add     eax, 1D48EEE9h
sub     eax, 0AF66C4E1h
add     eax, 0C13D21C3h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 466927FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 77A7864Eh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 67FB4556h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 99B0FA71h
sub     eax, 0EAA5836Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0D763A67Ah
sub     eax, 8F7F8488h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E93591DDh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 7ACCF5CBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D75E653Ah
xor     eax, 598F8F0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5BEDC876h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 206E95B5h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 6FE8C5F3h
sub     eax, 0FDC498BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B5D508C6h
add     eax, 0EDF41838h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0BBFE1E4Eh
xor     eax, 37011594h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A3A45650h
add     eax, 25042C7Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 701F59D0h
add     eax, 86577C97h
add     eax, 705CB87Ah
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3EFF4D43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 53510407h
add     eax, 1A1C98E1h
xor     eax, 8260539Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0F530AB34h
xor     eax, 23E39920h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D0B77947h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9256A8D9h
xor     eax, 46F1CCE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7F5B4028h
not     eax
xor     eax, 49260693h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0C2A26E82h
add     eax, 14A7BE09h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 69A5A67Fh
add     eax, 0DECF2920h
xor     eax, 0EC277744h
sub     eax, 2DE45766h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 8C159536h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 7C12E0E4h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4EFE8940h
add     eax, 5355339Ch
xor     eax, 0F472507Eh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 88687537h
xor     eax, 63283FC0h
xor     eax, 42EB2390h
add     eax, 0E95721BCh
sub     eax, 872A8891h
add     eax, 228478E9h
xor     eax, 353C9C73h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 3B8E3127h
not     eax
add     eax, 1A89F6FCh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0CD15AE62h
sub     eax, 0AEAC617Fh
sub     eax, 6EAE0737h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CE134777h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3F9BA2F4h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 44EE03A3h
add     eax, 0A31809E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 18520FDDh
xor     eax, 6EF9FDA8h
sub     eax, 21D6B7AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 278705A3h
sub     eax, 0B7B83932h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 8B59F72Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 2E025630h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 24463863h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2A8A8323h
add     eax, 3EE47887h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DD96BEAFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 44CCCF23h
sub     eax, 75382244h
add     eax, 0EDFAA35Dh
xor     eax, 0E5364FEEh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 6EF2E424h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EB26CDE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B91CCD09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A83254C3h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E1DBEE70h
sub     eax, 56F2A763h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 437266BCh
add     eax, 56873390h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 256ACBECh
xor     eax, 0E3EC8FBEh
add     eax, 0AE1D478Dh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 75DCCF76h
sub     eax, 67845343h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 476C4484h
xor     eax, 38A4D9A1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3B433502h
xor     eax, 2CF795E4h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0F24FAF3Ah
sub     eax, 3470C94Fh
xor     eax, 0D230DA4Ch
xor     eax, 0E6B3605Dh
sub     eax, 0BE0B238Eh
sub     eax, 0AC97DFF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D026579Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D90B11DFh
add     eax, 11FDFC6Ch
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 29A223D7h
sub     eax, 1817947Dh
xor     eax, 0A11EA904h
xor     eax, 3BDA2A02h
add     eax, 0D3438A12h
sub     eax, 6612C4E5h
add     eax, 70074A23h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 114BDBAAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 4F44B365h
add     eax, 97870EB4h
sub     eax, 0A4BF4275h
xor     eax, 5197550Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0DFAE0AA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0B0AC65BEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0E202F952h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EF50F95Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6C24B80Eh
xor     eax, 0F5B1C043h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 61FD027Dh
sub     eax, 60E7F0F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0C6F882E8h
add     eax, 1C16CA8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 117C5E70h
add     eax, 452A909Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B68632BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D2CA0403h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1DC98A29h
xor     eax, 97BD94B5h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC4FD16Eh
sub     eax, 85521817h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5F5DB30Ah
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0B8399FC3h
sub     eax, 0FCCCA109h
add     eax, 2CC65AEAh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F8B58B84h
xor     eax, 7BF5BEEBh
xor     eax, 5455671Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 67A87400h
xor     eax, 0A0D0C32Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B7C0DC5Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 9180E697h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 56060CC2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 8CFACBB1h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 9BE3390Eh
sub     eax, 0ACA4E2D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 69B3870Dh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 53FBACB5h
xor     eax, 9758D1E9h
add     eax, 0FBDB900Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B21065ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6E44BBB8h
sub     eax, 0EC70098Fh
xor     eax, 89D791FBh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 50A59FF7h
add     eax, 1F485EE5h
add     eax, 5A835E05h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 907B173Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0C6121129h
add     eax, 0AF104DC7h
add     eax, 7894D41Ah
xor     eax, 0FDCD33C3h
sub     eax, 7194A039h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0B7F0BBF5h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0A46B4E74h
sub     eax, 0ACC5DBC2h
sub     eax, 0FEAA4056h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 65DF0227h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 965A3075h
not     eax
sub     eax, 154646E9h
xor     eax, 1F3D4660h
xor     eax, 71FCC71Ch
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0E30D4EFBh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0A16F7BC6h
add     eax, 9E8339A6h
add     eax, 6F3E6BF9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 246B3044h
xor     eax, 81A67A03h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 9B3FAB55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 6925F88Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 9B602581h
xor     eax, 0CCCB2E50h
not     eax
xor     eax, 44924D0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 54E59015h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B5D78734h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 2692AB51h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5F556153h
add     eax, 0B4447702h
sub     eax, 0B0391B70h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 870A539Bh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0A3C2D92Bh
add     eax, 19FBF115h
sub     eax, 0AB7F67D8h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 955B41C8h
add     eax, 6DA555B3h
not     eax
add     eax, 95B6E09Ch
sub     eax, 5A199768h
add     eax, 1CD02416h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 96B5B389h
sub     eax, 0D30829A1h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 8A7BA37Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1241D9FBh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0E2E5F063h
xor     eax, 0ED3803CDh
xor     eax, 3FF477D7h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2060F3E9h
sub     eax, 6E32204Bh
sub     eax, 37400310h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 468F420Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9C2213C0h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 1848F29Ah
sub     eax, 151190BFh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0F8300926h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0EF7FDEBDh
sub     eax, 3D64C203h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E69AC9F7h
xor     eax, 0BEE63891h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 395CA5A2h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9168F41Bh
sub     eax, 0D0DEDC33h
xor     eax, 0E7C1E880h
xor     eax, 72B8A7A9h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FE36C640h
not     eax
sub     eax, 250298CBh
add     eax, 50BE369Eh
sub     eax, 0DAA8370Dh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 3BF82C0Ah
xor     eax, 69AC9330h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E9405C08h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0CD3F84E8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FA54C59Eh
sub     eax, 0B0717F0Ah
sub     eax, 0E1777068h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0A9118434h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B8EB6A9Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0EE9FD816h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 2F42C53Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 79045BEBh
xor     eax, 0E223C94Ch
sub     eax, 9CD29DD2h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 69EC932Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0C46337C9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 60B69ED5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0BEE2CD35h
xor     eax, 0F43BE048h
xor     eax, 338ADC99h
not     eax
add     eax, 1875D070h
add     eax, 8C2ADC13h
xor     eax, 9276A0B0h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0A455CB93h
sub     eax, 0BCC7BA77h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 6CDAB448h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BDCF69EDh
xor     eax, 311D2463h
xor     eax, 0C9BC9C9Ah
add     eax, 9F562CCBh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0EB6B970Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1BC6C197h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 315BF3EBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 202B2870h
xor     eax, 35B09D2Dh
add     eax, 918239CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0CB623557h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 16ACA62Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5667F05Eh
add     eax, 0E5A2249Eh
sub     eax, 2986916Ch
xor     eax, 156DAE8Ch
sub     eax, 277DECB0h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 73654096h
xor     eax, 155F5AA6h
xor     eax, 0EE25347Bh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 87AD154Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4EE66A2Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 33373B58h
sub     eax, 0A5CCE759h
add     eax, 70B19D36h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 24B26B69h
not     eax
add     eax, 3336547Ah
xor     eax, 0FF450A8Fh
sub     eax, 2E1CB31Bh
add     eax, 0A2AD285Ah
xor     eax, 0DFDCB6B3h
add     eax, 0D6F28ECFh
add     eax, 0F35D7491h
sub     eax, 9F1E6807h
sub     eax, 0EBCCEE5Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 19BB1CC8h
sub     eax, 0B56D1B56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A934D3E5h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1C69DDCBh
xor     eax, 3A731C70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 18FBE569h
add     eax, 1B52D8DFh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B008D3AEh
xor     eax, 8F06AFF5h
xor     eax, 9BBFFEFCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0E484FB7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 5BC5C05Dh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0C595F0FBh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0C99F1A56h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 3C0939A4h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 2729F37Eh
add     eax, 0C5EF2FAEh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0E0348252h
xor     eax, 1851F24Ch
xor     eax, 0E329452Bh
sub     eax, 0EB9E394Bh
xor     eax, 0DF72960Ch
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D79280B2h
add     eax, 54B1331Eh
add     eax, 0E797A1D3h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 38521628h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 889437F3h
add     eax, 1FF82031h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5429CBEBh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 169D9AEDh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0A1B11B22h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D0D4CCE2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5825CC49h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0B1C8B093h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 71C9802Eh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 26D5FC30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D9941FFFh
sub     eax, 157BEA59h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 3FFC645Dh
sub     eax, 20D31A33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5E550CE9h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0B140315Bh
sub     eax, 64628582h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 7F49643Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 62B80F47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3BEF7AA9h
add     eax, 664E9928h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6055B10Fh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BFE4FFB1h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AF3C7BD5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9F1CA7C1h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 49C60726h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0FC50EC65h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0D1D15F0Ah
add     eax, 60AFC7A4h
xor     eax, 0A2FCB41Eh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 3583E9A5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0A45EB2C6h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0FE600DEEh
sub     eax, 7DD20BA3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A3C35F06h
add     eax, 6D651E52h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3A9FA9F5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EFAF09E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CF52F0FBh
xor     eax, 0AB001863h
sub     eax, 1CC727D6h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 84B7EAC4h
sub     eax, 0C22ECF22h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 1C3630F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DF746A14h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0E76BAB47h
add     eax, 46FC8B0Fh
sub     eax, 0F449B58Dh
sub     eax, 142DE803h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 8A6F76C3h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 6470EC9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C27F7A3Dh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 36B1B226h
xor     eax, 824015CAh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A60288Bh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 521D6D29h
sub     eax, 2A77986Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0DCF020FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A6AB3604h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 127F9063h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5BA56A50h
add     eax, 0EA0EF65Fh
sub     eax, 0D0CC22F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 2FC7A65Ch
sub     eax, 59E602E4h
sub     eax, 7300D853h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0BD23C1A9h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 25F52038h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9141BF97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B1896B39h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 929F24DBh
xor     eax, 0BA3DDEF6h
add     eax, 0B3E7E578h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A0BC9273h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9914F395h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 6477AC1Ah
sub     eax, 49DA5865h
xor     eax, 6D52DD3Fh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 238EC54Ch
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0DFBA270Bh
sub     eax, 0CF77BF76h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 3AB5062Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F52D145Fh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0B523BD52h
add     eax, 0F3357A3Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0B98079CDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8F338C2Fh
xor     eax, 0A13C359Fh
sub     eax, 51C5D52Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0D129E06Ch
xor     eax, 9B975BDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0CE168F41h
sub     eax, 0FE2D9262h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 154D5620h
xor     eax, 2FBC7A88h
sub     eax, 8EAE6BD3h
xor     eax, 0ECA05EC8h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0C8673824h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 8B7C374Ch
add     eax, 736770A5h
sub     eax, 0D8C3B16Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 96616403h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 1B7F0810h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 2DD84B1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0C562E633h
add     eax, 2569CC59h
sub     eax, 0D4A9D935h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 58F8C1EBh
add     eax, 0F35F5B57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 72BE19B3h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0EC0B2E9Dh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 9C3AFC57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 95F39BA7h
sub     eax, 0DE9433B6h
xor     eax, 0A74D3930h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0F8858D64h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3A77EA77h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F4CF1C22h
xor     eax, 0B70A2ECAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BE21BCE8h
sub     eax, 0E1110A43h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 92E87919h
add     eax, 80BCBB08h
xor     eax, 6A4EA232h
sub     eax, 0FD1D3A4Fh
add     eax, 807BE3AEh
sub     eax, 0AF2740D8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 46264316h
sub     eax, 0C5F5A6D2h
xor     eax, 148C4B33h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0D17062A2h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0D8194F0Dh
xor     eax, 9C66E129h
xor     eax, 1926FD41h
sub     eax, 4D886752h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BFFBD31Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6CF28488h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 9E22B386h
add     eax, 1C713C2Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DCA1CC9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 69629A75h
xor     eax, 31E42419h
xor     eax, 3C93E08Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5C4EB11Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E303EC4Ch
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D2289F0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CA9C1BEAh
xor     eax, 0DBB0339Bh
add     eax, 78B7EB2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 70E6AA5Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CDCD5D8Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 68E5DCCEh
xor     eax, 0D960EBA2h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0C25CB3BAh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 32FDF04Ch
add     eax, 0BE9E5745h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 8B6B7806h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A0DD5DA5h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 16BB55F5h
add     eax, 824065FDh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 64C8185Bh
sub     eax, 5B79C2DBh
add     eax, 305112F3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 30D94023h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0F4A85A11h
xor     eax, 7506B854h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 2263CB12h
sub     eax, 15BE11E2h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 2ACFAF37h
sub     eax, 0ED9BC612h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2BB55B36h
xor     eax, 0EC5C2A89h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 7E6DDA99h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5C98C2D3h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 58F74CBEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8699EC53h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0E233161Dh
sub     eax, 0C36171ECh
sub     eax, 0C6E63F07h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B6AFB7F8h
sub     eax, 97A35DB5h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 18550991h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 9A638443h
sub     eax, 1A54E8A0h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0DD67C971h
add     eax, 0C1BDCE03h
add     eax, 9C434ACCh
sub     eax, 50BDACF1h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0B3F54425h
xor     eax, 41944F88h
add     eax, 919421E0h
xor     eax, 51313634h
add     eax, 7ED9BC41h
xor     eax, 4E851096h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CD7D0F5Ah
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 561BD410h
sub     eax, 66B6EF20h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 48B21A4Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 71B5755Ch
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0ED4DC74Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BDB0DC0Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 27A25C36h
add     eax, 0BA9DF3D5h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0ACB9281Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 1F495AD3h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 5A2A3E76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 87151E8Eh
xor     eax, 0C2CB34ADh
xor     eax, 79B14300h
add     eax, 0C5917C3Ah
add     eax, 92E67284h
add     eax, 0DBE0F2E5h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0FBA88A8Fh
add     eax, 0DFC8EEB3h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0EB6FFF5Dh
add     eax, 0AADD28D3h
xor     eax, 8DD6C21Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 7FB8F21Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0E01B398Ch
xor     eax, 0FA2D770Eh
xor     eax, 3ECDFEDCh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 1AA37011h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 4FFB26FCh
add     eax, 556FC6AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 881FEA1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 74501E93h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2A92AB71h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 57E0AF1Ch
sub     eax, 1DE3D552h
add     eax, 6D4F0C72h
xor     eax, 0C6531570h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 34D95E99h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9A5E8C46h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BC525DA8h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0EDBC83E1h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 250E57FCh
sub     eax, 3582D30Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 22C3A5F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 9DD3DAA8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 37DDF260h
xor     eax, 28EA2CB8h
add     eax, 0B6B74B48h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 765AB97Ch
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 65D61BF1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D7AC1B9Fh
add     eax, 0F6EBC092h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0E0C0D48Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0CA1EBF09h
xor     eax, 15D4D7F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AD8AB136h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 920D83A5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0AE275F11h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 28BE663Bh
xor     eax, 0B41F4048h
add     eax, 0AB91F49Eh
sub     eax, 739FEB07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 1A45A608h
sub     eax, 5406062Fh
add     eax, 6F0F2E46h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 872DBF1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 7FDD22BCh
add     eax, 367FBB36h
xor     eax, 0F5A98695h
xor     eax, 3CEB0BD2h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BD554C19h
sub     eax, 0CFEDCDD5h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0C41FAFA3h
add     eax, 1AD558D0h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 64588665h
add     eax, 0E0F49B29h
xor     eax, 9B9AFBF8h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F1A43DA5h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 4DF77F30h
xor     eax, 55CB690Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0D2928082h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 922AB98Fh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0C10ECA67h
add     eax, 5676575Ah
add     eax, 0B26FC3D1h
sub     eax, 2C1A8096h
xor     eax, 6078B292h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0B1AE5809h
add     eax, 1B4D0F13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0C72440B8h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 53857D9Eh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 71A951E6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 2B2362A0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 58074A7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 14C05BD9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3F03FEDCh
add     eax, 6AB89C7Bh
xor     eax, 0F294D676h
add     eax, 6F1B771Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 19D7E978h
not     eax
xor     eax, 187F9F9Ah
sub     eax, 0F00AC182h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 7F06DFEAh
add     eax, 0E49BBBE1h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 99FD7868h
not     eax
xor     eax, 92041695h
sub     eax, 42E258A9h
add     eax, 0A2E326BFh
xor     eax, 86BB9665h
add     eax, 23673E29h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 44282FE9h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C138166Ch
add     eax, 2CA18E84h
xor     eax, 2274AB6Ah
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C0502D93h
xor     eax, 0EF61C76Fh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0E5513EEFh
sub     eax, 0E53DE019h
sub     eax, 0CAE65CF9h
sub     eax, 5FD999F0h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 5E696E17h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9E8D09D5h
xor     eax, 0A2CFF7BAh
xor     eax, 0FD37C4E0h
add     eax, 79A4899Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8DE668E5h
xor     eax, 0EA114D17h
sub     eax, 18E4EC1Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DD72BD06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E427CF6Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 229F628Bh
sub     eax, 4AB1008Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 361ACEC8h
xor     eax, 5599CC57h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 70D297C4h
xor     eax, 0A9A8F466h
add     eax, 0A1FD7BE6h
xor     eax, 3948826Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 5A8D6614h
sub     eax, 6B224770h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6B4BF7C8h
add     eax, 0F9DB193Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 0F0B4A56Dh
sub     eax, 97E90210h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0E0F4E1EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1129300Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 62574EB6h
add     eax, 0B4C1FB09h
sub     eax, 9B2093D6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 185C8D78h
sub     eax, 0E6BEB108h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D90A1F48h
not     eax
add     eax, 92070B0Bh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 28930351h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 1F14176Fh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FC8E9CE9h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 8016146Fh
sub     eax, 97EDF764h
sub     eax, 0FE5D7A91h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0ADC40479h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 7FE8CCAAh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 386BA656h
sub     eax, 63F9D769h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0A6799700h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 15E19E28h
add     eax, 534225D8h
sub     eax, 0E8E3AD72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5BCF41E0h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 8C8C8E78h
add     eax, 7905279Bh
add     eax, 9192B33Eh
sub     eax, 83FFD2A3h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 6AB2B70Ah
sub     eax, 19EA70E0h
xor     eax, 57799721h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CF0DD18Bh
sub     eax, 0A943D17Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1557E4C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E26DB6D5h
xor     eax, 0C8CBC0FBh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 9CE9A8BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4C03F860h
xor     eax, 0E360FEA5h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 7E096840h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 917FCA3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9D243A26h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B53A9750h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E8DC0C54h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1781D04Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9CF7283Fh
sub     eax, 9CDF7BCAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 4E3069F0h
add     eax, 7EE28709h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 751FDF90h
sub     eax, 387A8971h
sub     eax, 0B51A03F3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8DD734CDh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0A7B0DC3Bh
xor     eax, 8BEBFBE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0B04B7CC8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AEA3E38Eh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0E483961Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 258C4D6Ah
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 7F34C1EBh
sub     eax, 0FA13B48Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 94D7639Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A2C30AD1h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 41CE11E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 443FF63Ch
xor     eax, 4C32010Fh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 141E3B82h
add     eax, 3C2ECF4Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0FEE4615Ch
sub     eax, 5C6E7866h
sub     eax, 0EDFD657Ah
add     eax, 95F6C462h
add     eax, 0D30D9688h
add     eax, 0DE4D0BF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 28B3DDF8h
add     eax, 595D2F23h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0B8E09153h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3995E140h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 188F5D8Ch
add     eax, 18A0195Ah
xor     eax, 297E83C1h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 0D587F086h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4B048E80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 186C5FDBh
xor     eax, 0E4E1DCB5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 791E748Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B8DC00A9h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 50385921h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 3A107431h
xor     eax, 9070EF07h
xor     eax, 5CED97AAh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 73DC62F8h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 34CD45BEh
add     eax, 0F7C957ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 547B7242h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 31087454h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0DC72F855h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0BE446196h
xor     eax, 13B53F0Dh
add     eax, 49BAEACDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0D9DBCF05h
not     eax
add     eax, 7CE806F9h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 57280A63h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 553D5D8Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 78FEC51Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 2845BEF6h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 76827E57h
sub     eax, 0D98D07C2h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 6562D38Ah
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 249F21AFh
sub     eax, 5DFE8C92h
xor     eax, 60CB483Fh
sub     eax, 0AD380C6Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4D07C9EAh
xor     eax, 0A49A8BEFh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0FAD120D2h
add     eax, 0A4D7E122h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0F37162B5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0B6F96E8Dh
sub     eax, 2527943Dh
xor     eax, 0A13FB8C8h
sub     eax, 0C7A64547h
xor     eax, 0CE65A024h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EBFC88C6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D0116F8Fh
xor     eax, 0AF1A2A9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0D4285802h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0E15D7B0Eh
add     eax, 88E3AE4Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9C0B15B3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0CF814C8Ch
add     eax, 0C8C53867h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 88F9C396h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6EEF4413h
sub     eax, 0EF3CBA8Fh
add     eax, 190E9B9Eh
xor     eax, 0E3B4C258h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 42F4DEEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2F8B31ACh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0E760D718h
sub     eax, 0CACDA33Bh
add     eax, 0B76AB9DDh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0B74BDDA9h
xor     eax, 30E9481Ah
xor     eax, 7ACCA7A6h
sub     eax, 0AEA4E90Dh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0C130F38Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9CAFAE92h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0CD72C2EEh
sub     eax, 1C6238F3h
add     eax, 7FE2B87Ch
add     eax, 8CE893DBh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 6BD92D9Ah
xor     eax, 8DCB5BCEh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B6C014F3h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2BC8B47Ah
add     eax, 0B5B78889h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4FA0763Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0ECEFD123h
xor     eax, 2CBE2A23h
xor     eax, 0A1057492h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A39D6267h
sub     eax, 202FC891h
xor     eax, 384B7462h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 30E4B314h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0B80BAF68h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 60041D1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0CDD0ABF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0E427DAAEh
add     eax, 4A300A27h
add     eax, 0B40AC6CBh
sub     eax, 0C4659E5Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 97931F76h
xor     eax, 26502F8Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0D9584676h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 20030B6Fh
add     eax, 12782903h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D31704ABh
sub     eax, 7A746AF6h
xor     eax, 83342492h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A7FD3ABBh
sub     eax, 0ABC9C847h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 4578C029h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 292939EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3B9195EAh
sub     eax, 66126115h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0C04F9482h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 66899BA7h
xor     eax, 2B3C5EB2h
sub     eax, 0F55AD128h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C19501A7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C07CF988h
xor     eax, 47D272F4h
xor     eax, 62C97762h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 58CD1DDEh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 923585B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8DFE6E71h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 67FFA0ACh
xor     eax, 9C77CDC9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D2A9B48Eh
add     eax, 0A8A77343h
not     eax
sub     eax, 730AE1EAh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8DFB2832h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FC0FB28Ch
add     eax, 0A6B3B04Dh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8F4AA076h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FAF7E0EFh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 28D4DE7Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 73A8B86Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 986E94EBh
sub     eax, 0BB9336FDh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 9A11C665h
add     eax, 0AFFA3245h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D7058B1Eh
add     eax, 0AB50C79Dh
add     eax, 0EAEB0F4Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 3E959F4Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 266C9B80h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0BA0F2CAFh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0C0DEBDD9h
xor     eax, 6B9D2C3Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C240BDE1h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 195CF1F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 44667659h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F9C7E4FBh
xor     eax, 0F19868F6h
xor     eax, 1E437D56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 18A9384Ch
xor     eax, 70A5E21Ch
xor     eax, 87319D65h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8BF449B6h
sub     eax, 74E1674Bh
xor     eax, 895838B8h
sub     eax, 0D40C4CC9h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0CF1DD025h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0EDDA67A7h
xor     eax, 9E24864Bh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0F6D5A441h
xor     eax, 7E41FCADh
sub     eax, 8844486Eh
xor     eax, 0F1E8DCDCh
xor     eax, 0E414947Eh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0F479A97Fh
add     eax, 0E78DF23Ah
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0D8475551h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 80E37AA3h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A50926EBh
sub     eax, 8E2DEAE0h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 2EC499A6h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 1A576DD1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D98B5737h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 99BBF8CEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0B817DD48h
sub     eax, 0C2688F15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D13F348Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0C8B8206Bh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0D4D01AF8h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 4CDD8D51h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DAE55931h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0BCFF1A4Ch
sub     eax, 243196E7h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A0D7B429h
xor     eax, 58FB74CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D4DFB75Dh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 7840F793h
add     eax, 9853C87Ah
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 761C2D57h
xor     eax, 67E4F664h
sub     eax, 0F759AFBDh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0DC5B9FC3h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 549ABC6Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D4788923h
sub     eax, 4F8D9FA6h
xor     eax, 501312BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 976B6CB7h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 605908A6h
add     eax, 7D2C6F10h
add     eax, 0F723AD75h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2F5182A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 39AC9149h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 4373D183h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0CCAB4F02h
sub     eax, 0D0D82720h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 64A6850Ah
sub     eax, 8DEA8583h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0DC98FFDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7E1436B9h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 6591A7CBh
add     eax, 3098B381h
add     eax, 17C0C842h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 9DF13EFBh
xor     eax, 3BAEAD65h
add     eax, 0CDB83A2Ch
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D3D48487h
sub     eax, 40ACE30Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EBAB8F56h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0D969B41Ah
add     eax, 0F174AAABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0A36E35D0h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 57F70336h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0F798FAE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E767C591h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 2B0BF047h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 46422097h
sub     eax, 1BBC3C65h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 6D580E36h
sub     eax, 2F25F4B6h
sub     eax, 0C1C8C996h
sub     eax, 0B23C102Bh
sub     eax, 2AD5AA5Ah
xor     eax, 0A6D467D6h
xor     eax, 0C66BD08Dh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0EE7174CDh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 39F6257Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 74FBB437h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1573C50Eh
add     eax, 241449F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B22571DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9EA4ED9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DEBD03B3h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0AF3B16B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5FEC8F4Eh
add     eax, 0FA2C29EFh
add     eax, 0CCF89DCEh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 305F1276h
add     eax, 413EA0BFh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 3B121F31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 2E420322h
sub     eax, 0C9BBD022h
add     eax, 8B3A56F2h
xor     eax, 0AC955762h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 4A6F2429h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 3C358FCEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E29A352Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 3066D0E8h
xor     eax, 0CC8FB399h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0FE5C26A9h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 85E2688Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1DCCA514h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 53F02659h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0D28DCD1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 94FD0219h
xor     eax, 694806F0h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 12523041h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 8EC2D9B4h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0DCD19E7Eh
add     eax, 0CA71D37Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A73AF7E2h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0FB1BB36Bh
xor     eax, 0EB459166h
xor     eax, 2E6BDE96h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 49CE3AF5h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 9C3A8FA7h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B302F2E3h
sub     eax, 43154708h
sub     eax, 9A1C5009h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0C6D86736h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 7751AA29h
add     eax, 34F1D4AEh
xor     eax, 86701BB0h
xor     eax, 1C4985B8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0BB02A915h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A249D2D4h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 149A2389h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 3D86658Fh
add     eax, 0F1947A87h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C78CC022h
sub     eax, 0A5F4DAA6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2DD7B704h
sub     eax, 558B07C6h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 827F8082h
not     eax
add     eax, 4EB47FA4h
sub     eax, 4F5A74A3h
add     eax, 8706C5C2h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 4C62F88Ah
sub     eax, 0EEA7859Fh
sub     eax, 0E444EAC9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3F4F3275h
add     eax, 7A89C8D0h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 23F7EE72h
xor     eax, 858BA4F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 66B16CB6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 317A66E9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C6887AC9h
add     eax, 5AB67280h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FA967050h
add     eax, 0AA052ADAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2A78C259h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 3760F257h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 94940B87h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 8C9B9230h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 94B719ADh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 45621728h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0F7FB4DB9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 750F28D3h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 30C49510h
xor     eax, 4083B38Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 84EBFCA1h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 8845DC25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 719B1237h
not     eax
xor     eax, 97312D84h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 8A2B82CBh
xor     eax, 16DEDF75h
not     eax
add     eax, 7D5FD1D5h
xor     eax, 888E6A8Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B8885763h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 807BD861h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 86039805h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 5B62E4D0h
add     eax, 427D66BBh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 6D94E5F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 871F7F14h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D06DF3E3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 70C3D5C3h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 57946503h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8C84EFD1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F0BC9DD5h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 495CB5E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E5EFAAEDh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 2191DF72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 61EE791Ah
xor     eax, 3BBB762Ah
add     eax, 5BF2E8DBh
sub     eax, 250D5CB0h
sub     eax, 668BF78Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 64A182C9h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B8970D15h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 196FDA9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0A161C363h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CD34F660h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 394724B8h
sub     eax, 0B8B4FEB9h
xor     eax, 0CAFA9319h
xor     eax, 0D14850ECh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 5DB5D3DAh
xor     eax, 0D8204A00h
sub     eax, 0BB3ADD59h
sub     eax, 1B7A98C1h
add     eax, 0ACDC52C8h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3A2C9FA6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 5379598Dh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 15BE5BF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0D83E6F75h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EAD335F3h
xor     eax, 0EEAA4A73h
xor     eax, 0F92B92AFh
xor     eax, 4A665A4Dh
sub     eax, 5D97D018h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DBE8CF0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A14CF6BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0B59ED7D0h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 786A208Ch
add     eax, 0D5342F68h
xor     eax, 4615C7C8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 801951D2h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 9F15A777h
xor     eax, 49F0DFA3h
sub     eax, 8C7C98D8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2D94B093h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0ADE4AB3Fh
add     eax, 88EBB02Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 3FD171A4h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C8A915EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 61EC9BF3h
xor     eax, 9E0DBFC5h
add     eax, 0B67C67C8h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 99C75C61h
sub     eax, 725F5628h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BD34E94Ah
sub     eax, 0C8E95E26h
xor     eax, 0CC4196CEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4812D3CCh
add     eax, 825C00A9h
add     eax, 0BD5B5B42h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6ECA0050h
xor     eax, 0C5E47DF3h
xor     eax, 3E4445DDh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0ED3E1AA0h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CEBE3A00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0DB0FEDC3h
add     eax, 0FE7204C4h
xor     eax, 0C729B4BEh
sub     eax, 0CF8F8DBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 303CD27Ch
xor     eax, 0CDE78613h
sub     eax, 6342F24Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 908DBAB3h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0F8FF4998h
xor     eax, 0FDED092Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AD1EC448h
xor     eax, 0DF20CC28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B7C7D82Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9895CFD6h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 1148C61Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E980AD2Ch
xor     eax, 65809EB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4D88E400h
xor     eax, 0CE4892BAh
xor     eax, 4C13D595h
xor     eax, 80A732CFh
add     eax, 115299BCh
not     eax
add     eax, 581C9406h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0BDD0D6F1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 3201BFFFh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0E7DF4623h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 4A2A02EBh
xor     eax, 1C952B7Fh
xor     eax, 19200347h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DBABC69Ch
add     eax, 2EF2AFA6h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C26E6210h
sub     eax, 562ECCD4h
sub     eax, 9A79C4A2h
sub     eax, 51217DCEh
add     eax, 0AF48320Eh
xor     eax, 0E84DFE30h
xor     eax, 0F431FE8Ch
xor     eax, 36B9E3D3h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 75D6A2DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6E13898Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 1565E59Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 5023A41Eh
add     eax, 32E123BCh
add     eax, 0BE124262h
add     eax, 6FD957E6h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 68CF8384h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8070E554h
xor     eax, 1B8C61D6h
xor     eax, 241B43E4h
add     eax, 0A72B6E4Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E8A11877h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F90B8201h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0BAEC2C8Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0E805716Fh
sub     eax, 0A3DF8E92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 76EF13A6h
xor     eax, 93DB12E7h
add     eax, 0C6C28BF2h
sub     eax, 63CB5C23h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 3BE8A7FBh
xor     eax, 12EA6A4Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 99A868C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 5F5CAB1Ah
xor     eax, 0F2F8ACD8h
not     eax
add     eax, 5AD88E22h
sub     eax, 0D408644Bh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8870EAFEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 6A179C6Ch
sub     eax, 0DECC61A7h
xor     eax, 364610C6h
sub     eax, 7CAF96D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 69FF5DEEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 224D30F2h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 1E947B25h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0B0EB9DECh
sub     eax, 528487D0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DF745D1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0CC0B48F5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 56AC56ACh
add     eax, 3AD75011h
add     eax, 61D5B041h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 35DECAEDh
xor     eax, 0B56AC36Fh
sub     eax, 0F2844A31h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5E8E1C9Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 45560949h
xor     eax, 38BD3C0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 796B449Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6F7AF6EDh
sub     eax, 33EA3A7Ch
xor     eax, 73A44734h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 7401CF1Ch
sub     eax, 47BDAC78h
add     eax, 5137EC4Bh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 7F52543Fh
xor     eax, 62497DF8h
xor     eax, 0D207771Bh
sub     eax, 0A13DCDA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0E66F17C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0CE45153Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5D97C3EAh
sub     eax, 0E5DBD67Bh
sub     eax, 0C71876ACh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0D4EF1DDEh
xor     eax, 0E6CE7CA3h
xor     eax, 0A5C8A782h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9F15F5ECh
sub     eax, 9AA70541h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3C4E7E3Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 401D3FC6h
add     eax, 0C616706Dh
sub     eax, 9D98B31Ah
sub     eax, 7E897DE4h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0C4374C51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2DC33EC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 592F4CC8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0F2091C6Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5D8AED6Ah
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 266C345Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 1A7725F9h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E9FBD68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 881F7863h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0A617AF41h
add     eax, 6E03D3F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0B3CBB839h
sub     eax, 65A26DDFh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0E0259DC1h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0A8E58353h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DD36FC22h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 58F3F9F8h
sub     eax, 0E6D7F121h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 45D3B9D2h
add     eax, 7A272B5Dh
xor     eax, 0A10B4314h
add     eax, 173E4585h
xor     eax, 454B4657h
xor     eax, 1EFEEEA9h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0A02FB808h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 7CECBA2Ch
sub     eax, 6BE0887Bh
sub     eax, 7FB0BBD8h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0BBF0F854h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CA73A0E9h
xor     eax, 0A6558CC0h
sub     eax, 0E509117Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6FB09A50h
add     eax, 0FECD8EFFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 652E7204h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 680813D7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8015FD09h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 64092318h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9C2EF09Ah
xor     eax, 0B4CDFFBCh
sub     eax, 0A2595DEFh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 60D31D50h
sub     eax, 3DCE2258h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 740F6765h
add     eax, 0C500B122h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 279DB307h
xor     eax, 33D58383h
xor     eax, 5FA49564h
sub     eax, 7B4B92BDh
xor     eax, 0EA73AF4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 5AC673FFh
xor     eax, 0C0F3A67Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E44A5147h
sub     eax, 6271B294h
add     eax, 0DCCBC6CCh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 99631549h
not     eax
add     eax, 9D9A3B4Bh
sub     eax, 0DFDAFBC2h
add     eax, 2A6E8932h
sub     eax, 6385E5E2h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 4B619A38h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8C23A86Eh
add     eax, 0B599BAB5h
add     eax, 9BEEA586h
xor     eax, 3478159Fh
xor     eax, 5DFFAA18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0C089895Eh
add     eax, 0E9817B74h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 37AD2500h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F1BA0C39h
sub     eax, 0CC513D73h
xor     eax, 61DB683Ah
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 6E2D93E1h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B174BC8Fh
sub     eax, 0E2898961h
sub     eax, 0A4FD0837h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AA025B2Eh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 88E5C67Eh
xor     eax, 7CB2F418h
sub     eax, 0DA4F41C9h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 94F6F287h
sub     eax, 0F650C0F4h
sub     eax, 0CF191340h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0CCFB7B78h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0EE4409FDh
xor     eax, 60C3CFB3h
add     eax, 28951B40h
add     eax, 76244301h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BC065A23h
add     eax, 1B642B5Bh
xor     eax, 20B7CDA6h
xor     eax, 6D35F508h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0E86595E4h
add     eax, 0BB959FC9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 667A15EDh
sub     eax, 0E6811009h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 6B454E91h
sub     eax, 2631EA3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BCBC39F9h
add     eax, 7607C9F9h
add     eax, 0CCD03CECh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 64C33E69h
xor     eax, 0C54809EEh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 126E590Ah
xor     eax, 60D5AEF9h
xor     eax, 0B180DB65h
sub     eax, 0D7C7F46Eh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 29C6128Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 51DD91C7h
xor     eax, 2AD24ED7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0A2F73C55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C240A640h
sub     eax, 2B9B102Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 49683AEBh
xor     eax, 0E1A49672h
sub     eax, 34662D49h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 538DDB45h
xor     eax, 0BFAD4B6Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0A9CD392Bh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 4FBB9E69h
add     eax, 0CC998FF6h
add     eax, 9F55DEDBh
add     eax, 3C3BFFE7h
sub     eax, 6BC08475h
xor     eax, 0A18B2B77h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9F198E71h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 3CB4C396h
xor     eax, 0A0AE2577h
xor     eax, 3A191165h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 43178699h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0F5638C4Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7741B0EAh
add     eax, 0F606F9C9h
add     eax, 7D201193h
sub     eax, 0F39E1902h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9DA66E5Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 392BE469h
add     eax, 0A7FCC2B2h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A1F3395Ah
add     eax, 0FA43384Ah
add     eax, 61160975h
add     eax, 0FC9AB23Bh
xor     eax, 46EC8B65h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E172FD1Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 693DBF7Fh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 3FCC685Ch
add     eax, 51C97B11h
sub     eax, 0A2F7354Bh
xor     eax, 2EB44710h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 78783CE0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 69352B6Dh
sub     eax, 1F98153Fh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0BCDA90D5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1C6F7145h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2C850E91h
sub     eax, 0A30C1F7Dh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C42D4E60h
add     eax, 1AD25CC0h
sub     eax, 0E9D05113h
sub     eax, 0DDC89A39h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6EBF65BBh
xor     eax, 0F4B18368h
xor     eax, 552AA9AEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4861A39Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 727FA4E8h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9F647DC7h
sub     eax, 0B3A1B78Fh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 79BD3D7Ch
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EA94A09Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 63419329h
add     eax, 80236426h
xor     eax, 0C7EE2A06h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 42B03705h
sub     eax, 1B0D0E26h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 4753E3BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 76FD07DEh
sub     eax, 0E896AF1Eh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 780BAF85h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0DF6885E3h
add     eax, 43836131h
sub     eax, 3283599Bh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0E7436197h
add     eax, 0D882EA7Dh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A4DB5FD8h
sub     eax, 9BBBD264h
add     eax, 0CB7F8D98h
add     eax, 2BE56CD0h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CDCA6FE9h
add     eax, 319CA111h
sub     eax, 30A80E95h
add     eax, 9222F5DEh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 288CD8D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E0EFB8A1h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7B3315EBh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 5F81644Eh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B951B683h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 24D3BFDBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3887A2E3h
add     eax, 6ECF5FDCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 2CEEB261h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 37D281B5h
xor     eax, 18D58D0Fh
add     eax, 75AE1019h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A897C347h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A0C4575Bh
sub     eax, 7FF9B401h
sub     eax, 7EB5C961h
xor     eax, 8B3790F6h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7C148027h
sub     eax, 5747D858h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D4ACD513h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 9F256003h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 5D7FEA00h
xor     eax, 0ADB938DBh
add     eax, 5BF91525h
sub     eax, 0DE5B71D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EFCFED07h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 4167FF3Ah
add     eax, 1476D2F6h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0DC7DC02Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9586F69Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 3FA35952h
sub     eax, 8BE37CF6h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 305FC3DBh
sub     eax, 0A4EA8987h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 96D3F1B7h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 63599695h
sub     eax, 480248ADh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0E8BA5BE6h
xor     eax, 0EF0BA62Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3DE86285h
xor     eax, 84577BF6h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 49B258FAh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0E58B6705h
sub     eax, 0D9235E60h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4073C408h
xor     eax, 0EDC444D5h
add     eax, 0CE8053DDh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 83F6A901h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 15606ED5h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 9BECDDA5h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0E266F1AEh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F5E42C7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 35C4D17Ah
add     eax, 1618F231h
add     eax, 665978B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0CC12BEFAh
add     eax, 7F796CE3h
sub     eax, 808A1093h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0BABCD850h
xor     eax, 0F53D5EB6h
add     eax, 9B51363Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 6EF93A2Fh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 960436CFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0BB04E9A6h
add     eax, 0B5A9DADAh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0A4B22FEEh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 75BDE6CAh
add     eax, 8FCF53DEh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0E412CBC0h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 309AEEC4h
xor     eax, 943BCC55h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 2813CB1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BE990373h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4736D5D5h
sub     eax, 0B1C85B8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0E0FD85FFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 18837699h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 703161DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 177609B9h
add     eax, 1902A9F9h
sub     eax, 60D2168Ah
sub     eax, 703D29B5h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 968A83B0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 42DA666Bh
sub     eax, 0EF807997h
xor     eax, 0F15FF3EAh
add     eax, 252F52C9h
add     eax, 0EB1D95B8h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 18B8DBDEh
add     eax, 5A7CD952h
xor     eax, 87AD883Eh
add     eax, 0BB8E0051h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 3F6A2881h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ED084C16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 71A51A60h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4D570CE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0DD5306ECh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B6A700C7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0B3D4CAD9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B3133D6Ah
xor     eax, 0BCBDCF47h
xor     eax, 2A734B6Fh
sub     eax, 0B3B32618h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DA7EAE51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 5B652B45h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8EDBBF73h
add     eax, 7EA97735h
add     eax, 0E18DEA1Ah
xor     eax, 0A3F72571h
xor     eax, 1005EDE9h
xor     eax, 18C92AA9h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 7584BAC9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 94134B39h
sub     eax, 8A1B2254h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B3D575CCh
xor     eax, 37522C30h
xor     eax, 0C3274D1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 60A7427Eh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 410B9D71h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0F8D04348h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0B5736958h
xor     eax, 2BCC8244h
add     eax, 78A4A9A7h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 33591C8Ah
sub     eax, 46F005EDh
xor     eax, 0FEC40F92h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FC599568h
add     eax, 81AC56D9h
add     eax, 0DDCAA1E7h
sub     eax, 505DBC40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BA208748h
xor     eax, 0ECD76A2Bh
sub     eax, 619EA6F0h
xor     eax, 0A298A992h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 992DCDD0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0B1BAEC80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9143FCDCh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 2B3EBA80h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 4F1E87D8h
sub     eax, 0DCF6AC26h
add     eax, 8ABF3785h
xor     eax, 1CFFF6B9h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 3DFCCF33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 25B8AB1Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E023F50Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 943BD385h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 6113CDAEh
sub     eax, 0F4FE0B70h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 72655C16h
sub     eax, 964FB648h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 40F1AC38h
not     eax
sub     eax, 70FBEDBEh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 9814C06Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 81D8DC46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 590B11CCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 17F74338h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 80595BB9h
xor     eax, 0CBA4552Fh
xor     eax, 5CEC51D7h
xor     eax, 6B0E724Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 39F4BFAAh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D007154Fh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F0389453h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 3D828C0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 8829FF2Ch
add     eax, 0B9740A3Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 8984AA2Ch
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DC84D739h
add     eax, 5ED53712h
sub     eax, 0F38C3027h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0F0F73208h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8D34FD26h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 93A7A36Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E69085D7h
add     eax, 0A367A406h
sub     eax, 0AB01797Ch
xor     eax, 6E62C731h
sub     eax, 503C8EF5h
add     eax, 0AE9092E8h
sub     eax, 5EC1B248h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3ADC61E3h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 79DE6FB9h
sub     eax, 0D632684Eh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0F0794ED7h
sub     eax, 6988F6D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7E48E570h
not     eax
xor     eax, 341B6850h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D8916D79h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B038203Ah
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 52DA5FA7h
add     eax, 2DE31EEAh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0A3CD4109h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 8E75D835h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 12C73606h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0DD660968h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 2F7BE97Bh
sub     eax, 0F9579598h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 35E6EFE1h
sub     eax, 6600A314h
add     eax, 4D7A84FCh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 5406E53Ch
sub     eax, 43F5A6B5h
add     eax, 0F93ECDCDh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 2EF963C9h
sub     eax, 2B607CCCh
xor     eax, 0D43130F7h
add     eax, 0A5D982E2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 71A22254h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A499A6AAh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0C42D5BF0h
sub     eax, 0D3808B07h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 22335CF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 7055B60Eh
add     eax, 63FA9587h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C5DEBACBh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 83275B93h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B381990Bh
sub     eax, 6FEA2074h
add     eax, 1F3E8C68h
xor     eax, 0AB160270h
xor     eax, 46541087h
add     eax, 0E28D09BFh
xor     eax, 5DADF83Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 553D4979h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 68E3CBC4h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 4BA9AC89h
sub     eax, 0FD88D314h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0BD6D6555h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 7C3B4186h
xor     eax, 26250F84h
add     eax, 0F1A854FBh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0C5143647h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 6D27C8FBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A74CC282h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 304A102Bh
add     eax, 9D072555h
add     eax, 0C7B535DCh
sub     eax, 31636609h
add     eax, 6D01DA84h
sub     eax, 3B9DB938h
xor     eax, 0B7D24382h
xor     eax, 0BAEDDB13h
xor     eax, 0A5863E31h
xor     eax, 0C0CE3D0Ah
sub     eax, 5EB19461h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0D904BD5Ah
xor     eax, 96ED9582h
add     eax, 4DC38D83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5DE675D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 74CC0C22h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F623952Fh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 3B592194h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 1FF2D06Ah
sub     eax, 6E189CEEh
add     eax, 1961CA04h
sub     eax, 0B79BF6E1h
add     eax, 0F2173F05h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9CB1B749h
not     eax
add     eax, 2E4452C3h
sub     eax, 0D7DA8C07h
add     eax, 6C417A66h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0B74E5FD9h
xor     eax, 8086036Fh
add     eax, 0DEC7740Eh
sub     eax, 0BC01062Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4C8C1A18h
sub     eax, 88D48853h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 42C1C9E0h
sub     eax, 6B5E8160h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0A354464Bh
xor     eax, 5F17BA75h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 56F79E5Bh
sub     eax, 0B2688FF0h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 7D1D324Dh
xor     eax, 0D82B4548h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 29C2F863h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 961317D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D3DA92E5h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 99F7FFF8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C2ED5C7Ah
add     eax, 56B9BFF1h
xor     eax, 3F167E9Ch
add     eax, 0A0C39DA4h
xor     eax, 0F860F1AFh
sub     eax, 0D95B19A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 93BC3CB0h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0BCECB4F3h
xor     eax, 0F5D1C398h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0BDD2480Bh
xor     eax, 7BC9BACAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5762E301h
xor     eax, 0C6FB7767h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4B235715h
add     eax, 4FBDAB79h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0A409BDBDh
add     eax, 6D39F3A0h
not     eax
add     eax, 3E20EA0Ah
xor     eax, 3CDD88B9h
add     eax, 646D6BB8h
add     eax, 0B058C376h
xor     eax, 36A5ED94h
sub     eax, 122F7795h
add     eax, 167AB898h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0FDBDB5EDh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0F4D4FDDBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0DCB83C90h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 3DC21EAFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A8C0430Bh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0EA7D04E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 57FC32BDh
sub     eax, 8FAEC2ECh
sub     eax, 941E3196h
not     eax
xor     eax, 85B17D5Ch
xor     eax, 8A993614h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C404D056h
add     eax, 2F76C007h
xor     eax, 540BBEC1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7AA90A7Ch
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0FCEBDC5Eh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 2660A0A3h
add     eax, 0B608DC14h
xor     eax, 4ECDA63Bh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0E7BA96CDh
sub     eax, 9A12ADACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 8EE6AEABh
xor     eax, 31C9D11Fh
sub     eax, 9E552201h
xor     eax, 0E26FCA6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C905852Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4254DB2Ah
sub     eax, 6589E43Ch
xor     eax, 0E0CA006Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0BDCAC270h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 3BAAD2F7h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A0764C07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E5606F4Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 380A1AC6h
xor     eax, 0B293F7F7h
sub     eax, 0D7DF5447h
xor     eax, 3720AA32h
xor     eax, 1FAB5697h
xor     eax, 0B3B9D477h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 901C6D2Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 27104BFCh
sub     eax, 0E05703C6h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 3945AA0Dh
add     eax, 232FCA53h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 867C68E5h
add     eax, 0CBADB7B3h
sub     eax, 1E2910D7h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 7958CAFDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A7B5546Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0EC1648FBh
add     eax, 7934FA29h
add     eax, 7264CA89h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E1A160DFh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 457F3937h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 318AF7BCh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 6F7E692Ch
xor     eax, 0AB79767Fh
xor     eax, 2B3619E0h
add     eax, 58BEC8E5h
add     eax, 0C11D5683h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 27C75EB7h
add     eax, 3B30CCDEh
sub     eax, 3FC01B34h
xor     eax, 0BA6A54DBh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 544F611Ch
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0EEDBBD8Dh
sub     eax, 0AB619FACh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 6F279890h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6CF8457Ch
sub     eax, 716E0F7Eh
sub     eax, 37DF5090h
add     eax, 77FA27F5h
sub     eax, 85F52DDBh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 7DB540D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 48AB6CB9h
sub     eax, 0C07BEBA3h
xor     eax, 0F15BD643h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 12FBB6B3h
add     eax, 9240DFBFh
sub     eax, 0A99DE800h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 751AFEA3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 687F3B31h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A3A435F6h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E7499669h
not     eax
add     eax, 7376B248h
xor     eax, 86A827D0h
xor     eax, 0FD762E02h
add     eax, 0C6C47A38h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 2C5DB8B9h
xor     eax, 0B55EB70Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AF3832B4h
xor     eax, 3719D761h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 88E1A085h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0DB1EF454h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DE7DD1A4h
sub     eax, 0F3DC1EACh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 75FE8AB8h
add     eax, 177ACB09h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9C4232F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 133E2184h
add     eax, 4612C1A3h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 36027900h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 7B278209h
add     eax, 4A99A84Ch
add     eax, 0A4FDEF0Ch
sub     eax, 849D2697h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 391E0FFAh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 121D6B96h
add     eax, 8E9758A3h
add     eax, 8026C7DDh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0C24F9571h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0E986BD57h
sub     eax, 6F0E26FEh
add     eax, 31D30094h
xor     eax, 0D5FB7C06h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4A5028B2h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F401063Eh
sub     eax, 223F59F3h
xor     eax, 0C985CE1Dh
sub     eax, 0D8917BFFh
add     eax, 0E246CF64h
add     eax, 0E71C9FF3h
sub     eax, 78BEF621h
xor     eax, 6B7C2903h
xor     eax, 0BD8998B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BAF2E60Ah
xor     eax, 0A2BD2DABh
xor     eax, 93F5F796h
xor     eax, 8BE44A43h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F87ABED9h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4CF204F8h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9A8DD48Dh
xor     eax, 90F455B6h
add     eax, 491118D9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 2792FC45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0B4594CA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A1B162AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3CBB3F6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CE9B96E0h
add     eax, 3CB8C429h
sub     eax, 0C65F15D5h
sub     eax, 290A465Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4A49B88Ch
add     eax, 450B7DACh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 3D536D60h
add     eax, 411D0142h
xor     eax, 1AE01CDCh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 6876ED37h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BEF49606h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2E91AB99h
add     eax, 748F52DEh
sub     eax, 71EC86FEh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 67B58A16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3CC70F73h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 41C2AE66h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 6A66653Bh
sub     eax, 5DC9992Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C2BE1BD2h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 9F83081Dh
xor     eax, 1030F889h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 24CCE7BCh
sub     eax, 94DCBEE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7ABDDF5Ah
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0EF90C51Dh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0E6A93366h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 69DC2E31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 26F03D26h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4F712AF8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C810CC96h
sub     eax, 2EF20740h
xor     eax, 3E70A2ACh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0EEFC0639h
sub     eax, 0DDD11E1Fh
sub     eax, 3E35C58Ch
add     eax, 43E02AB9h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7785EED8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 45C38156h
add     eax, 0B636FA6Fh
sub     eax, 3304CE38h
sub     eax, 73B8BD19h
xor     eax, 21C74B4Dh
sub     eax, 0D460E490h
add     eax, 0E3955E91h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8101C359h
add     eax, 1522B2BDh
xor     eax, 0CDCBECBDh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 14E67D0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 58411BF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 403D68F3h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0DF409EB3h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 644F443Fh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 61123CF3h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0D2787FB9h
add     eax, 415A719Dh
add     eax, 2ADF834Bh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8F8803E5h
add     eax, 7242D61Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 2E9875D7h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 41EB82D6h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0DDE40ACAh
add     eax, 4511466Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7891E19Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B1B94D34h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 3082C612h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 15067BD5h
add     eax, 0D9D82BE4h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 2E1E6313h
xor     eax, 5360E0B8h
xor     eax, 0F869606Fh
sub     eax, 78876AEFh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 48D3A6AFh
sub     eax, 679E05EDh
xor     eax, 922BED58h
add     eax, 29EB01DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9384EA30h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D12CA586h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 6238AAAFh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B8C09962h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 4FF8EC57h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5462B225h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E306A1D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 60564968h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 4DCB9CADh
add     eax, 8250FBF8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D6A22839h
sub     eax, 3D4A4682h
sub     eax, 0B38C60EEh
xor     eax, 48A5BEAEh
add     eax, 3C2565B7h
xor     eax, 0F099E933h
add     eax, 0F08F7EF9h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 9814C692h
not     eax
xor     eax, 582EBAD9h
sub     eax, 0EC543471h
xor     eax, 0B70F5685h
sub     eax, 66D4DB01h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 37A876B8h
sub     eax, 22328B1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3A1FDF65h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0BAC59583h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 26E4EDB1h
sub     eax, 53FDB8ABh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0DAB98BFAh
add     eax, 0DC44D7EEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2A05A18Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E92948C5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 2EF9CFFAh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 40447B11h
add     eax, 0C8043F8Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 1F80FF09h
sub     eax, 8C89672Eh
add     eax, 9DA94FA0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D52C5CF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A6CBDB2Ch
xor     eax, 939E900Fh
xor     eax, 0B8DD7367h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0AAC3147Eh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0A43E958Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E09C8BC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C6826184h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0C80A2964h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 287CC453h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0AD929B89h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3A739B35h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 39F16D23h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 95ED80A7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0BBC0872Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5151B1F8h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 88AB3512h
add     eax, 521ADCE4h
xor     eax, 84FC1405h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C34D7739h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0D9FEA7BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D4652960h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B8949357h
add     eax, 0BB73A630h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5E2B66A3h
sub     eax, 0FA76EA69h
not     eax
sub     eax, 98B6E23Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 22803B30h
sub     eax, 750A5EB5h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 88F24221h
sub     eax, 0CAE94D62h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0DE3F4BFBh
add     eax, 0F44B7B9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 48D43110h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 1553FB0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0E58D1CEAh
xor     eax, 0D14F3425h
xor     eax, 56A759F5h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0A8AFD2C5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0CFAF5885h
sub     eax, 0EB747BAAh
sub     eax, 0B354DF24h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 1868EF75h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 67FA298Ch
xor     eax, 0EFF88F66h
add     eax, 8E571628h
xor     eax, 0C2B73721h
sub     eax, 0A33B1093h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A0BB2A01h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AE48ECC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7991A788h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0B9EA6A24h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C878FF31h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 90C1EBBDh
sub     eax, 71DA2019h
not     eax
sub     eax, 847A63EDh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 7524FE92h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 4906A1EBh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 91BD0334h
xor     eax, 0C03189F5h
sub     eax, 3F471548h
sub     eax, 2E324381h
xor     eax, 80AD16FDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 71395A35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D597D221h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0FC51A16Ah
add     eax, 0FEEA18CBh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0D10FB6C4h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0F95E833Ah
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 7506F6ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 46C43F62h
sub     eax, 4C491385h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2922B538h
add     eax, 0C628B923h
sub     eax, 25FC545Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DE939595h
xor     eax, 194E15DAh
add     eax, 668EB121h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0A47FD6DAh
sub     eax, 0E5EA8BD9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E758C72Eh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 5142B3DFh
add     eax, 3179D02Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 88295D8Ah
add     eax, 6C7A8F1Eh
sub     eax, 0C01ABA6Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 4DD31021h
add     eax, 7360D28Dh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 36F6C4BBh
xor     eax, 0F5F30932h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BF9082A7h
sub     eax, 23E1F8DAh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 3D655566h
sub     eax, 0D148F9A3h
not     eax
add     eax, 5A3620AAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 61214F80h
add     eax, 99AC596Bh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 1D703619h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 556062ADh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 42085BA3h
add     eax, 0A886DC54h
xor     eax, 0B19EB88Dh
sub     eax, 2091C10Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 68E2B57Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0FE9EA8A9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 75A2D83Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 4DBF7B59h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 1135E699h
sub     eax, 0B6F5046Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0CCA3A036h
add     eax, 8AC54484h
xor     eax, 72EBACD3h
add     eax, 7DD9ED97h
add     eax, 7B08F179h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 7BF843FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 9B1E6C2Fh
xor     eax, 0BC21FD82h
add     eax, 0AF346363h
xor     eax, 0E076BA9Bh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 4E396A17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0BA68663Eh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 4AAF0EEAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 51EA6FCBh
sub     eax, 0B484FB10h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 779CB12Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8E0DD1EDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E6FEC71Fh
xor     eax, 2B02D664h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 46440EEBh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A62191BEh
xor     eax, 0F79A9B31h
sub     eax, 653D7382h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A89E76D8h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 25B4C378h
sub     eax, 657AF230h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 37ED3DE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0D34A24EFh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 5A68F184h
add     eax, 0B3D30561h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8CEB9320h
sub     eax, 1AC4F3EFh
xor     eax, 0E13B2EBDh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 6D529195h
sub     eax, 0F250559Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DE3AE089h
not     eax
add     eax, 37666DD2h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 722D5EF5h
sub     eax, 6CD08ACFh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 3079F585h
add     eax, 956DB0ECh
add     eax, 34C0FEBFh
add     eax, 0A64B9A4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2E66D6F3h
xor     eax, 0B4942350h
sub     eax, 48AC8A19h
sub     eax, 0DEB34229h
sub     eax, 0D52D4860h
add     eax, 8D53B05Fh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 16242F9Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF963AFCh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 608BD83Ah
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5C955866h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 44474872h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0C7190E88h
sub     eax, 91E9F333h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C072BD67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 34203518h
add     eax, 8D5668B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 17A9303Bh
add     eax, 777040B5h
sub     eax, 1D310B03h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0A4DC5D16h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0C730E0DFh
add     eax, 0A318F6A3h
xor     eax, 0A3ED9D69h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E8C0E9ADh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1F3BADCAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DE13CEE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AD5411C8h
sub     eax, 5B3887E7h
sub     eax, 9B04059Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 90993A89h
not     eax
add     eax, 1E3682B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0AB8FFD2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3FA6E8FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 6D70DAEDh
xor     eax, 2FB2B4A3h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B8FFC498h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7DC08436h
not     eax
add     eax, 28DEB0C6h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0DA68B4B6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7A301F2Fh
add     eax, 0CE381CD5h
add     eax, 1A20261Dh
sub     eax, 13CCA6FEh
sub     eax, 9AB0149Eh
add     eax, 9A62B459h
sub     eax, 9A6D91C9h
xor     eax, 736FA3F6h
sub     eax, 1DF93876h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 533C3535h
xor     eax, 60DBB93Eh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 24363FC3h
sub     eax, 0A5CF6D17h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0D85E20CAh
add     eax, 78D66F4Fh
sub     eax, 36ADBB5Eh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0DDFF0F06h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0BD469AC0h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 7634B44Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 244CED7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6BB01D80h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B5BE3120h
sub     eax, 5804C103h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0F8043F4Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0F79D2706h
xor     eax, 8EDF9D7Dh
xor     eax, 467E6DA3h
xor     eax, 0CF1665FCh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 19B35EDCh
xor     eax, 4BBE2158h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0D791459Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 20597B15h
xor     eax, 9BCA91E1h
xor     eax, 0F208C697h
sub     eax, 0B7C36CBBh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0B277A16Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6CB208F5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B23AE4CBh
add     eax, 0E891D5B9h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0B804EDE6h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7ECB8BD7h
not     eax
add     eax, 41C1E634h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0B10A942Eh
xor     eax, 6AAD22A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 98D51124h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0EA7A4CB4h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 378FF0F8h
xor     eax, 93233BE0h
add     eax, 0E3AEF9C0h
sub     eax, 0ACB76719h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 579D3E5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8603D637h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 5B5DC4A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B30FAB0Ch
add     eax, 8827D8BFh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0CD082726h
sub     eax, 0DB667AA0h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 6D840F59h
xor     eax, 67E5A48Bh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 281C3561h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0A3A2795Dh
xor     eax, 0AB73893Fh
xor     eax, 0BDEEFB3Dh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E792DED8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 282DC6FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FF73232Bh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 96196C1Fh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 156EF36Eh
sub     eax, 773C81B1h
xor     eax, 3F327FCFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 5CB6F590h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2A3174C0h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 8B05B158h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 7408E1F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BF052401h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 6BE93524h
sub     eax, 5080EBDFh
add     eax, 443AF445h
xor     eax, 2E0E8F34h
xor     eax, 0CC227F25h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 2D7BB4ACh
xor     eax, 4B0A6ED7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0C1FA12E9h
xor     eax, 5648B0FAh
add     eax, 4670CF27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DCFDCB7Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1727B939h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 4BCB9CACh
add     eax, 870E9077h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 107AC990h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0E0B54A28h
xor     eax, 9D3A57E8h
sub     eax, 3E0BDFFFh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 80ACAEE1h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0A724C1A6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 12A05CE7h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 360482A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3D96ADB3h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 7D369226h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0AFE80887h
sub     eax, 0DD9327B2h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3B6B69AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4467174Eh
sub     eax, 6A47B833h
add     eax, 0C73DAC8Fh
xor     eax, 0D18EF4CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0F8D094D0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F3F4CD82h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 75878B46h
add     eax, 206B9D74h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 907168C9h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 617A03B2h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0F2D5561Bh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 144A7562h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 7D8ADB67h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 5B1CC6E1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 311487F5h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0AE4957B0h
sub     eax, 46ECF659h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0BD44454Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 479A0784h
sub     eax, 66FD49F3h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D44B3A25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DA477CAAh
sub     eax, 0A7E5D9E5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 61621436h
add     eax, 0C3AEB26Dh
xor     eax, 1B191A1Fh
add     eax, 3D3B35C2h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A8EDBA5h
add     eax, 8BF3C264h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3AA9F0B9h
xor     eax, 97F3A010h
xor     eax, 0C7B8F9DAh
sub     eax, 3824CFC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F2D0EA9Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B54E5721h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 339435E0h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 490FBC01h
add     eax, 110E7BE2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 88D2E042h
sub     eax, 46E126EBh
xor     eax, 0D6FC4082h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 1639585Bh
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 51175B5Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9823FF1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 26ADB4B5h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C328648Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 90F210B3h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0BB11177Fh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5B2B5C1Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 338E7E3Eh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0AD73ECE7h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0A77BFE0Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0CBFAFE65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 57DE3A24h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 55AA922Eh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 9BF7203Bh
xor     eax, 4F401557h
sub     eax, 0AAC088C1h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 986A4EFCh
sub     eax, 0CC5539F4h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 7E6397FFh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 86D0A06Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 66198964h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 86F15E32h
add     eax, 0E7407D55h
add     eax, 850DC020h
add     eax, 59AEEE45h
xor     eax, 0E4C7089Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 34D97823h
sub     eax, 0E6A9FAE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4F23DDC5h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 7586F847h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E9FE93FCh
add     eax, 79E0FBF9h
xor     eax, 60586557h
sub     eax, 0AAA83AE5h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 7CB3D245h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 6A05758Ch
add     eax, 0E377FF0Ah
xor     eax, 11BFF7B5h
xor     eax, 0D9730C9Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0D763A333h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E43C0AF2h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 6D4682F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 819F7D2Dh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0FCE90B9Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E8C28B12h
xor     eax, 0CD6D6836h
add     eax, 1FC3242Ah
xor     eax, 0A0B2F00Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 8C550A39h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BD9703E6h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0F54249A6h
add     eax, 3E41BA66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 93B4F5C4h
add     eax, 6672A3BFh
xor     eax, 0E1460F17h
sub     eax, 1F2F1A7Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8F3E5E6Dh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 36310EF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0CD025ADAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 3634A511h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 828FB8FBh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0F430F4E6h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0ECAF60FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 5F75CFF1h
sub     eax, 0A6C178CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 7609DDDCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3CED7B91h
sub     eax, 59270C38h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2A62E7DDh
sub     eax, 0B1D68894h
sub     eax, 0C57579C7h
xor     eax, 423AB56Ch
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 31BE3366h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 876760D2h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0E378EE1Dh
sub     eax, 30868F74h
add     eax, 836BEFDDh
add     eax, 8900F7F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EFE97742h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0FA60C6EDh
add     eax, 4C155E7Bh
xor     eax, 0E611D674h
sub     eax, 3FCD1388h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 327F9356h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0FF8F8D23h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 335C8EFBh
xor     eax, 29ECE296h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D7D3D81Fh
add     eax, 0D4368E90h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 10BE9D9Bh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9F9737DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9DFE7B5Fh
add     eax, 0F673EC5Dh
xor     eax, 38E11DC3h
sub     eax, 722CF60Ah
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0CB45FF06h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 5E47131Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 4A06A105h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 56ACB982h
add     eax, 0C86F10AEh
not     eax
add     eax, 9F290648h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0BB60A70Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EB7576F0h
add     eax, 42806336h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 5D4ABCA1h
xor     eax, 0E2101AB4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 958A70EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 5EA74C1Dh
xor     eax, 793A31E3h
add     eax, 4D9C3B00h
xor     eax, 0B5E8A91Bh
sub     eax, 213C0ABEh
xor     eax, 0E7F5288Ah
add     eax, 84BF5E7Fh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2ED2903Eh
sub     eax, 0BEC926CEh
xor     eax, 0F9C12E54h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CF116349h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 15720082h
add     eax, 0C6C2D252h
add     eax, 3583A58Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 566CEAD9h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0C3B8F528h
xor     eax, 9228C17Ah
add     eax, 22229292h
xor     eax, 0EEAC0FB9h
sub     eax, 0C31AF1ADh
xor     eax, 0EA216005h
xor     eax, 33D21F51h
add     eax, 2C0E7762h
xor     eax, 2C530622h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E96BA3B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 83979F92h
add     eax, 307648EFh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 481072BCh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0D5DE188Dh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 91416C50h
xor     eax, 0E928B633h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8DCEE003h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3CCF7E65h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4E66A410h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 3FBC4189h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 4C0AD54Ah
sub     eax, 4C8352ABh
xor     eax, 15B92A28h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 52D94252h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 55476079h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0FFC65706h
xor     eax, 0C8D4A224h
xor     eax, 882FD085h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AB3AAFB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 19419A4Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0EE2794B4h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0EBD2BBBEh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 7D109EFDh
xor     eax, 342C038Eh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0F6D1EE2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 67C5CAD8h
sub     eax, 0AD744E3Ah
sub     eax, 0E5D9C911h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 2A0A754Fh
add     eax, 13A58347h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0F5105CC1h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 19AB9044h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AB8B2581h
not     eax
add     eax, 5805A844h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0A2C1835Ah
add     eax, 6BF307DBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0E098CBB5h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 535DAE1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8D37EB75h
sub     eax, 0F28C8850h
xor     eax, 82FDE8B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5A05BA14h
xor     eax, 1148DE77h
sub     eax, 6DE2BC4Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 4AB652CEh
sub     eax, 8C948510h
add     eax, 0CDE0AC2Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 8A3CA4F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0BDC4C29Bh
xor     eax, 0EAAD5F67h
add     eax, 0BF132B38h
xor     eax, 15EC1B58h
not     eax
sub     eax, 38433F1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 667FA38Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 20B80716h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 2601EAEAh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E932EFFBh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 682A6EF5h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0BAB429D9h
xor     eax, 0CEBC54CEh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0DB65CB8Ch
add     eax, 9E596871h
not     eax
add     eax, 8A000A03h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F612EC2Ch
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0B8DAA712h
xor     eax, 9C815492h
xor     eax, 0A9F44AF3h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 65EF7F00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 3FC35697h
not     eax
sub     eax, 56D47047h
xor     eax, 42474053h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0DB29EFBFh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0BEE04D6Dh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 80D0E030h
sub     eax, 662BE113h
sub     eax, 0C8862270h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0A90710B6h
add     eax, 0E7DB7271h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 563C51BDh
add     eax, 40AF0DF5h
sub     eax, 3686052Ch
xor     eax, 0AF44193Fh
xor     eax, 0B633BB15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 152065E7h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 278CDE67h
add     eax, 0B73C5700h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 3007FB35h
add     eax, 8AC30559h
add     eax, 0DBBFA270h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 388CF052h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 121976EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 105908D3h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0A6EDDE96h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 93FD2AEBh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 2911357Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 38A867ECh
sub     eax, 0E72F0A8Bh
sub     eax, 7EECD858h
add     eax, 96BA4C5Bh
sub     eax, 61AEA975h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 851063D7h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A5867832h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 793CDDB1h
sub     eax, 2454E4DEh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 71364205h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 27FB30E6h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0CF12C7C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0C0CC57A3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4A4DCEF5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 277464B6h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 1617B02Fh
add     eax, 398F31CFh
xor     eax, 0A9BF3AECh
sub     eax, 22089302h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D31D9C1Ah
sub     eax, 0A7C00550h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E799677Fh
add     eax, 31B9AD0Ah
add     eax, 0C41C7179h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7905C4ABh
xor     eax, 50B68072h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BA290965h
add     eax, 9CD0E4D2h
xor     eax, 3706233Dh
add     eax, 98159971h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 4AB63389h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 37CFB976h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 42A65567h
sub     eax, 558E9AF8h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 68B7AF9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E37AA5DFh
xor     eax, 0A03EFD68h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BF3E9E08h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 8BF41184h
sub     eax, 4DE72285h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0F29CCC23h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 98C36963h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 53FB6D53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4EFC43F9h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 4DBB8DEAh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0FBDCAF0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C6A37970h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A4732CD6h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0FE3BA227h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 8DAC7370h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 163C42B1h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 27965929h
add     eax, 220D4FB5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0E4DAF6A4h
sub     eax, 0CB4B7D3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 39217FBBh
sub     eax, 87295BE0h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0FF76FEE5h
sub     eax, 0E2098220h
sub     eax, 310157FDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B2DC3791h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3250E702h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0AA51733Fh
xor     eax, 3AC17D75h
add     eax, 53F23B9Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 93218E66h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 5B9C2C71h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9BAC1DB3h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0F79EC90Eh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 10C17564h
sub     eax, 0B3941F0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9BC44058h
add     eax, 0E904C231h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 28FB16BBh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 2371422Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0F8014276h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0ACE6ED59h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DE2C8E99h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B8493F50h
xor     eax, 0CE0D2AD6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B6DB6587h
add     eax, 8D81320Ah
xor     eax, 0CB4A7B5Ch
add     eax, 3A1D8E7Fh
sub     eax, 0B5368332h
add     eax, 8E505355h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 707E1523h
xor     eax, 45E3073Dh
add     eax, 1E44AC44h
add     eax, 0B3EF55C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 15E8EEFEh
sub     eax, 0FD0AB8CFh
sub     eax, 480087F4h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0B65099E2h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 98E148A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 947835C4h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 43C0B9BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 186C2528h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 357153FAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 34C6F85Eh
xor     eax, 9A3936DAh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 29C1443Eh
sub     eax, 57DC0D5Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 9244B89Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0A2A1ABBEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 27C2DE66h
add     eax, 3A8C3A57h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 7A0D65C4h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A6E11E29h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 2F5E060Ch
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 7F0D312Ah
xor     eax, 41BFDFF0h
add     eax, 217A2A75h
add     eax, 0B1CB4916h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0DC652025h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 69BFFF88h
xor     eax, 60915FF9h
xor     eax, 4B3290D4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0A8BDAD0Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0DB94F16Dh
xor     eax, 968B6BF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B2FD8ADBh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 4EB32F79h
xor     eax, 567D7D1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 501A4EEDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7D35A9E3h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 65BF84DBh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8C773474h
sub     eax, 66E48D1Ch
sub     eax, 0D3B5A7A1h
add     eax, 8EA5A069h
add     eax, 2F069979h
sub     eax, 0FEF84A2Ah
sub     eax, 0B631C373h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 71F992EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6CB13F70h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0D269581Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 9603464Bh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 4D3740C6h
xor     eax, 50F89EACh
sub     eax, 0F020122Bh
sub     eax, 899B9505h
xor     eax, 457BAE69h
xor     eax, 7427C074h
xor     eax, 3F6F7533h
sub     eax, 0B466AD12h
add     eax, 0C9A3AE11h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C346205Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DC21EEF6h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 580E3432h
xor     eax, 5625FF13h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2184D575h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0B613769Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 37A1DD73h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B3DC648Ah
xor     eax, 0E8545F24h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EE9CE965h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0A4B63C87h
sub     eax, 0D74B89FBh
sub     eax, 0DA394FB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 87A11E35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 73C90D6Ch
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 8C1A1D24h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 7367DCA4h
add     eax, 41622B38h
xor     eax, 0E2D35A71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 14C78588h
add     eax, 246EC8D4h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 742B9B0Dh
sub     eax, 6CB2B150h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DD20CDB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 5B7805B2h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA3D1061h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 503A2F1Fh
sub     eax, 7848A21Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 2DE85DFEh
sub     eax, 0FF133D02h
not     eax
add     eax, 5D68FB7Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 1156E751h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 7FE7A85Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 1F75015Fh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DFC1D5F6h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0DBCDAE85h
sub     eax, 0F90D6B17h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FBB6B9FEh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0B0B5ACF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7FE741F8h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 27E75E8Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0EAE9AFADh
add     eax, 114F892Fh
xor     eax, 0E52F5F57h
sub     eax, 684A6AA7h
add     eax, 0AF149ADFh
xor     eax, 9A70DE29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 39FE2ECCh
sub     eax, 51640CFDh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 6DA4EDBAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 15AFE2C7h
add     eax, 37F24A36h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 9174AB35h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 7F1811CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0C1802319h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 27DEA5E1h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
