ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 4ADBB9C1h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D830FAC1h
xor     eax, 455D1DF8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D9555FEAh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 868A5DF7h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 8035FC27h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 48A86560h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 98F8A011h
xor     eax, 0A346FE83h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D5F37601h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D40458C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 97F28F1Dh
sub     eax, 2DC91EC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0DE66ECC4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E250D0E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A53CBD09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C7467131h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 936884B5h
add     eax, 1DAEDCABh
add     eax, 828498C2h
sub     eax, 0B130A40Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0F524D549h
sub     eax, 85E84061h
add     eax, 7C4B8620h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 892F36FCh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 65540EADh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9013AC19h
sub     eax, 0CB8DECE1h
xor     eax, 5F216157h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 71E479D7h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 8756BEDDh
sub     eax, 4F5279E2h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 6389CC8Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 59C6D099h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3947F761h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 21CBA6FCh
sub     eax, 2058D89Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CDF641B2h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0A87E8EE1h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 184F00AFh
sub     eax, 637C8132h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0B135CA66h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 49D39374h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1AE28E70h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 82089289h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3FBBCEA8h
xor     eax, 745A8DB6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 8229B3D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 443D6C49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 6CB704F9h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0E6225FE9h
xor     eax, 2CA739C9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D4EECC23h
add     eax, 22967E7Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 52BA7A6Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 906FE19Dh
add     eax, 3CE54154h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0CFBC2E2Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D992AE5Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 6D97DCFCh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 74BD604Bh
add     eax, 107A9B72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ABB829D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 828E5401h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 9B4D2CBEh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6AAD8ED5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0E69DB0BDh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 4561FEADh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 6B334549h
add     eax, 1D566495h
xor     eax, 13A31A26h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3510EBCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 2FFD3A58h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B9B219C6h
sub     eax, 4D834A0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 233A50C4h
add     eax, 0AD70D45Bh
sub     eax, 8A020F33h
sub     eax, 0B09BDDE6h
add     eax, 0EC69F63Fh
xor     eax, 69A4EBCDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DBCF2A92h
xor     eax, 7AAC37CBh
add     eax, 130EADF2h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 9887DC86h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 48E68C96h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F07BEE47h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 2701DE43h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 285E199Ah
xor     eax, 38978096h
xor     eax, 5BD0DB81h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 6679CB96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 24581426h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0E5F26BB9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D2E194CBh
xor     eax, 0AA8AA5EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7AE20CE6h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 10C13460h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0DBB1E6DDh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E33FAC65h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 2FBF7081h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 185626B4h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0BA45EC4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F78209AAh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0DC8EA7BCh
sub     eax, 452A792Dh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D97F38D1h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F04FE12Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2C19BC32h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0D2E099FAh
xor     eax, 18A51656h
not     eax
sub     eax, 53BEF0FAh
sub     eax, 47179E59h
sub     eax, 5E1D17F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4C7E53EEh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 6184F5F8h
sub     eax, 839365B9h
sub     eax, 7376E4F8h
sub     eax, 40628CBBh
xor     eax, 0ED42F31Fh
xor     eax, 2BA05115h
not     eax
xor     eax, 845F13FFh
add     eax, 0F58D7966h
xor     eax, 8C5D493Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0A5958B5Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 87EF6A9Eh
add     eax, 0AB91EFFAh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CC0B3267h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A78C92F7h
xor     eax, 24D0098Ch
xor     eax, 508FEF80h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 4C385342h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2F5AA47Ah
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 9EFEA8C4h
xor     eax, 1E094A69h
not     eax
xor     eax, 83706137h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 75956761h
add     eax, 0CCB74EDFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD2D8344h
xor     eax, 3BC25D11h
add     eax, 0BFC68CBBh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0F665ADD5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AA5F87EAh
xor     eax, 0F8809E6Eh
sub     eax, 85BED8D7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C80C1B34h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DC6A6405h
xor     eax, 0D359CDDAh
xor     eax, 0F070812Bh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 1615B31Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C2DF4E32h
sub     eax, 83018539h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A071428Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 5CC82085h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0D410AA41h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 525B46D2h
xor     eax, 0CBD79375h
sub     eax, 81F3613Bh
sub     eax, 112CD608h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 5B099A36h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 45A4689Eh
sub     eax, 1A99C408h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 38345081h
sub     eax, 7AEF7FD3h
xor     eax, 7A7582D3h
xor     eax, 39B4A6B0h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BD2DA406h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9ED51202h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 43F0BA11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4A6F6EC4h
add     eax, 7AAE1520h
sub     eax, 0B0ED7F72h
add     eax, 52C2E8E3h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 834E3DBEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 61871C19h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A748D8BDh
sub     eax, 6BB14022h
xor     eax, 0E1777A31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B7DFC2B8h
xor     eax, 6E28AEFAh
sub     eax, 0EBF4A589h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C5096D94h
xor     eax, 6E7794DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 778F7C24h
xor     eax, 0EB966E6Ah
add     eax, 2F5DD6DCh
not     eax
add     eax, 1A56DDD0h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 72102CD6h
add     eax, 0F09F74ADh
sub     eax, 0B0ECAAB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1C398E9Eh
add     eax, 3BD315EEh
sub     eax, 0D7D9EB2Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3825484Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0C6DEAEF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 91C58FC8h
sub     eax, 8C826187h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0C93A2A15h
sub     eax, 6C33F9C4h
sub     eax, 7137F0F7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C5ECF702h
xor     eax, 0AFEB8ECDh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 7F0C438Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DD2952D0h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 7E0BBF45h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 36DB2BF5h
add     eax, 65B8E4DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 13669718h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 9F129D82h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C8D14EF0h
xor     eax, 2298A0F6h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0F657D925h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7B43A1C9h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 5F5DB5A5h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 2ED03EA1h
sub     eax, 0DB1529D1h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 6F05B35Bh
sub     eax, 7E659568h
add     eax, 1E33D630h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0AA9C814Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0F1A71819h
sub     eax, 7928AB01h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 7AD3EDE9h
xor     eax, 23CF5EE6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8A9BE47Ah
xor     eax, 0C32FB8AFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 64B0175Dh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 65824E18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1DD62931h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8389D792h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A333BFC2h
add     eax, 0B7E2948Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F2E2120Fh
add     eax, 49683A43h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 2745EBF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CBA9ACABh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 504D832Ah
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 6C854316h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 2954539Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 86A8CEDDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 67458DB7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0D23AA4E9h
xor     eax, 5DB858BAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7885050h
sub     eax, 0E724C023h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BC5E1251h
sub     eax, 1630D935h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0D87B0086h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0A462FC8Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 279399A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D5CD64E4h
xor     eax, 0E0F1A024h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F6A03E63h
xor     eax, 2ADA158Ah
xor     eax, 0C72799A7h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A0AF64A4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 206FCA41h
sub     eax, 0E37FC79Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 54CBCF7Dh
xor     eax, 7CBEEF92h
sub     eax, 841E050Ch
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0BAF5C164h
add     eax, 6BA31411h
xor     eax, 87FD25F6h
sub     eax, 0E24B29A0h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E0BD4FF6h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0AA662204h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BEB79DACh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CDD020B9h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 7D1F3CFDh
xor     eax, 79DCF11Ah
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0C3DE0FAFh
sub     eax, 0D0E131EDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 548EEAA0h
add     eax, 37697E7Ah
add     eax, 0C33FD259h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 7D0DF250h
add     eax, 15FB3681h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 19418C0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 5DDFA1C2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E7D3B977h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0B7351DB6h
add     eax, 0EA0EC3DAh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 26B0C63Ch
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 43C56CDAh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 22BA0D0Eh
add     eax, 6D0D17EEh
sub     eax, 7CF0CA6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0F61004D4h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7ECEF628h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 8CF588FEh
xor     eax, 3FEC66E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7CEBC87Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 7858560Ch
add     eax, 49699D99h
sub     eax, 0E42034A3h
sub     eax, 5E09A361h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 25E4C357h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A32673F3h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E2527D1Fh
add     eax, 0B63BEFAEh
sub     eax, 11AFAD02h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 95A1FB77h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E9958CCAh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0F505059Bh
xor     eax, 0E48B2F3Eh
add     eax, 58E973E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 19D5579Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7DD17B98h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F2EEF078h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 7D48DA18h
sub     eax, 0DB84A1C8h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0BE195D22h
add     eax, 57A1147Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E0541FCEh
xor     eax, 83C2FF11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2E9F3891h
not     eax
add     eax, 67EF8714h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B7A9DAF3h
xor     eax, 6448AF1Ch
sub     eax, 8235A312h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 19253DB1h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 153AE154h
sub     eax, 0FA112762h
add     eax, 155623E7h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 1B812B60h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 9CE5DCDDh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 9DF1A26Eh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0F92D9685h
add     eax, 9E57BD34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 59C30129h
sub     eax, 5098E261h
xor     eax, 0D40389A4h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 5D79322Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2C14A6F9h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0EECE19C8h
xor     eax, 58E551A7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 65B75C7Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 57098084h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 6FFEDFF8h
sub     eax, 0CE807939h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DAD8D2B8h
sub     eax, 0B52CA6FCh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 3F31FEF7h
xor     eax, 987F2F86h
sub     eax, 0E497CA57h
xor     eax, 0FAAE751Ah
xor     eax, 5ABCCB0Ah
sub     eax, 9559E82Ah
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 6A7106D3h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 98F15EAEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A69A4C18h
add     eax, 0C13C68F2h
add     eax, 15DED8B5h
sub     eax, 0C7CCC8CBh
add     eax, 6C954254h
add     eax, 0BFF56193h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 809E8557h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 28FAAECEh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 4AB98F1Bh
sub     eax, 19C90DFDh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 38C39049h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0CAF79E2Eh
xor     eax, 0B6977159h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5D624DA1h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CDF51A35h
sub     eax, 0AECD5F46h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 27169B06h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 1D7CF171h
sub     eax, 2861CA3Eh
add     eax, 76040161h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C959E734h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 28BA9AB9h
xor     eax, 0C75DDAD9h
sub     eax, 7E7A21A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0BFDF4F72h
xor     eax, 0DB5559E5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 81D53DDDh
xor     eax, 0F7A67CBDh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5D3CF8E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 47D906FDh
sub     eax, 1A255987h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 90DF723Ch
sub     eax, 0E3A07ACCh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 2E4929C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DD925281h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 46D012E6h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 71207A60h
add     eax, 770CCE9Fh
add     eax, 0EE4BEAA6h
sub     eax, 0CEAB6222h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 4FA65116h
sub     eax, 0B761A476h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0D0380C92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 36DBFB9Fh
sub     eax, 0F5F52F2Ah
xor     eax, 0B35DB34Bh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 80A72BA3h
sub     eax, 3F1F3099h
add     eax, 55FCB68Ch
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E2145B83h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 792FB354h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5850EFD6h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 58D19A3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D4A50225h
xor     eax, 381156DEh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0B4FCB39Bh
sub     eax, 0F1216AC9h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 45DC9481h
xor     eax, 38C87496h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3FBE659Dh
sub     eax, 9D8D80B0h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 20FACDACh
sub     eax, 78494A85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 9B055037h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 8590D796h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 47189C7Dh
sub     eax, 0A82EF28Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3250A784h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0E9DC1526h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AE002252h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F7F1681Bh
sub     eax, 0F579ED12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0BA63628Ch
add     eax, 1F57A8FFh
add     eax, 462AC679h
add     eax, 65E3DE96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 230718A6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 7B673505h
sub     eax, 0F10FBD1Eh
sub     eax, 821BFAE0h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0BD5C8FC0h
sub     eax, 0F48A1808h
add     eax, 0DD714199h
sub     eax, 8135EDAEh
xor     eax, 8DF4A07Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FEC4479Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0CB3D98E5h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0C01CC3A2h
sub     eax, 0E3CE30AFh
add     eax, 4197AAFAh
xor     eax, 1DEC73B2h
add     eax, 0AD298481h
xor     eax, 0F99A1C4Bh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 8AFCB26Dh
xor     eax, 0C6099A5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E9725019h
xor     eax, 0C2AA0A89h
sub     eax, 51861344h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 1FB7DDABh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0B10925DAh
add     eax, 0A69EE5C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F83581EBh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 284BD8DEh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 52FD773Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F877C501h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0CBCBB746h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 9284C330h
xor     eax, 9039C0D3h
add     eax, 5BFD0F25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 240F4A7Ch
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7547FDE1h
xor     eax, 43796BE1h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 287FF583h
sub     eax, 0C7CBE8FCh
xor     eax, 6F844EA6h
sub     eax, 2DB92150h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 1E868D0Eh
sub     eax, 50709C4Ah
xor     eax, 0D4AF6BCFh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 3C6A64F8h
add     eax, 0CBB49E6Ch
xor     eax, 6AC5BCCBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A5640B81h
xor     eax, 0F3E26A7Eh
xor     eax, 0CF5C6FA3h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0B5CCBFBEh
sub     eax, 0E180A4F9h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 438058C9h
xor     eax, 53C54AA6h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EFC2B16Eh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0B668C37Eh
sub     eax, 91E75708h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 7BFB5F7Ch
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5988F197h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 70DB0EC7h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0C89A3BDFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A3DCFF0Fh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F7DEEC37h
add     eax, 8919FC1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DF5AE205h
add     eax, 42AE32B3h
xor     eax, 5E5451DCh
sub     eax, 0E65AC48Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0CF52CF81h
sub     eax, 0B77B2D01h
sub     eax, 0E9F53C9Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4616C515h
not     eax
sub     eax, 18959671h
add     eax, 0C59BD3D1h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DAB01E64h
add     eax, 302D557Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FF45D3A9h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 0FDD562F2h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 8EB8EB71h
add     eax, 3FC0779Ch
add     eax, 90ECBE65h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 26CCBA6Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3747F223h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 9B6889A0h
not     eax
add     eax, 1982EE9Bh
sub     eax, 0E249104Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 6B38E246h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 1DFBE582h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4ABB9608h
sub     eax, 9F98ECD9h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 825C03F7h
xor     eax, 0DB8B1644h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E13FBBC1h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 78794C89h
xor     eax, 0EEC644AEh
sub     eax, 0BB76EEF2h
sub     eax, 260623D1h
xor     eax, 51397096h
xor     eax, 0F6CDF264h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 3EBE9E6Ah
xor     eax, 4802224Dh
add     eax, 0FE4E5113h
xor     eax, 0B4038578h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 91A58268h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 48ADF287h
add     eax, 6E85A9ABh
not     eax
xor     eax, 51BC3FDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 25DC8CDFh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 60B43DF4h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0CB0A8722h
add     eax, 358D9552h
not     eax
add     eax, 624B7EE3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BCA47007h
add     eax, 0F16AAA08h
sub     eax, 673D87FDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C9365B7Ch
xor     eax, 591AD5ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2E491EEDh
sub     eax, 912BA2B0h
xor     eax, 92C65CBFh
xor     eax, 0BA12D0E1h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AE8603F0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5AA468F5h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 6E24E0EBh
add     eax, 420B2904h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 528287B1h
sub     eax, 0C5003525h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 9CA4F209h
add     eax, 0EA93A3C0h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 80B3FB93h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0EFE8DCF2h
sub     eax, 1A531F3Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 15567CA8h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CE8A7D12h
add     eax, 0EE0F6838h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 536B3CC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F648F2A1h
sub     eax, 908BF553h
sub     eax, 0B496F2B0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C08E4A9Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 5EF5DA08h
sub     eax, 5F57C1CEh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9113F22Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0B4C5C491h
sub     eax, 117559D4h
sub     eax, 0CA956245h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 72368D24h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CF92A763h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7160A8E9h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4E720C05h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0A2808EE0h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 1F3CA415h
sub     eax, 15F8F699h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5010BF83h
xor     eax, 4411BB85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2D4AFA36h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C05DD4B5h
sub     eax, 0E120210Eh
xor     eax, 0E5A50E30h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 7D28474Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BE46AFF5h
add     eax, 0C72A7D98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9058EF07h
xor     eax, 5D0CC29Bh
sub     eax, 0EA29AC36h
xor     eax, 1EF64CADh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0AAC90DC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 6B6A1C86h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 3D2CD11Bh
add     eax, 927A977Ch
sub     eax, 22FEED22h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 891D1CB9h
xor     eax, 64C88978h
xor     eax, 527CB17Dh
sub     eax, 7588B384h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A5BBBA3Dh
add     eax, 53FCB22Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 853D5C2Ah
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DD6E0D63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 67689A05h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 72F3588Fh
sub     eax, 1C2B7208h
add     eax, 189F213Ch
add     eax, 2A04849Ch
sub     eax, 0DA1E90D9h
add     eax, 0BB28C593h
xor     eax, 18D4F964h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0C38C2988h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A3EA34C9h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 6CBB9389h
add     eax, 978F420Bh
add     eax, 91ADB822h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0BA72D017h
add     eax, 0BF45DCDAh
xor     eax, 0CBE3AEACh
xor     eax, 0B3A43FB1h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0B85B72ADh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0AF80B70Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F44B6738h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0B6934416h
sub     eax, 1DEA9156h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0DAEC8F31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AAEFA801h
sub     eax, 6231764Eh
sub     eax, 0D2B5A338h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3064AEA4h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 94B364D7h
sub     eax, 865B40F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E77B4E9Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C3BB3E68h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0E3655CD0h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 746E5E2Ah
sub     eax, 0E77ACBB9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0D9C11B8Fh
sub     eax, 0DD0D1074h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B166BEFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0F4DB38D5h
sub     eax, 0E9B65032h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 7D75D610h
add     eax, 0B3C56DCDh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0BED8A6AAh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 855FB3FDh
add     eax, 759B9BDCh
xor     eax, 0EA808C27h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 1AEC6E78h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0EDE7E1FEh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0C6F4AF71h
sub     eax, 80982C2Eh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CF3D7909h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6A0C2BC8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BD9335CEh
add     eax, 4BFC7893h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 706557FBh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 43B7BC00h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 723B0469h
sub     eax, 3CD41940h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 63CB8011h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B239CD46h
xor     eax, 44FCF49Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E654D039h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AA3A0573h
xor     eax, 851A17F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D262FCB3h
add     eax, 8B0D850Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5197F2DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 49A90CE9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 81350D93h
sub     eax, 0A884DF89h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C414E167h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 4DA1258Ah
xor     eax, 0D6A5077Bh
add     eax, 60555EC0h
add     eax, 0EECAE723h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0AD6FC9BCh
xor     eax, 0E8E81BFBh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9EB6F5A9h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 664B23ADh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 5DD25209h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 13CED5A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ECC2AAF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 231E40ADh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B4669C83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0DCFD1A45h
sub     eax, 82047C65h
sub     eax, 67A9F1A6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DE73F5A1h
sub     eax, 2659818Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EA4C15BCh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A804541Ah
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0D00922A7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0F7A3FA54h
sub     eax, 8C059AECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0CF5AE239h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 91EBD692h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D01B90E3h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 37582E00h
xor     eax, 97C7651Ah
sub     eax, 0E3632BA1h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EE5B6A0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 9D763E77h
sub     eax, 7D233A52h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 6198C81Fh
sub     eax, 0A4FA63EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E4499C47h
sub     eax, 598E9DB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4E3A80E2h
xor     eax, 31CD4B27h
add     eax, 84A3755Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F5EF96C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 49CF1052h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7D81D358h
xor     eax, 0C278C80Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9C8FE4C9h
sub     eax, 0A162C363h
sub     eax, 0A11BD15Eh
add     eax, 32AFA9C6h
xor     eax, 9B9108EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6FBA88A5h
xor     eax, 0F6EF4ACAh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0D288B099h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E3F0F0C0h
sub     eax, 2BB44728h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 504A3575h
sub     eax, 203BBC0Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 8266C8D3h
add     eax, 0A18F39E9h
xor     eax, 549FA08Fh
xor     eax, 89DC5512h
sub     eax, 344C8CF1h
sub     eax, 87A75944h
not     eax
add     eax, 5C845400h
xor     eax, 0D7CF4A9Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 54899F7Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0B19F3AF9h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0C0385AD9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0A515249Eh
xor     eax, 0EC209FFCh
xor     eax, 3DED8837h
add     eax, 807247D3h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0ECA9CBF5h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 9A80CC72h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3D804FC4h
xor     eax, 67AA0EC2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 555C3879h
xor     eax, 0D82DF844h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 716C0FA0h
add     eax, 8DDC7435h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 4A43D9D7h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0B416846Eh
sub     eax, 0A367A961h
add     eax, 7AE08345h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0D0BEF249h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 86988BF9h
sub     eax, 2FA0E6C0h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 21EBF77Bh
add     eax, 4C7F0D53h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0BA5E29A8h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EFE243B4h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0E607F28Ch
sub     eax, 9601B6DDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7BFF7CE8h
sub     eax, 94B5C184h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 617C8F00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0DFA9C724h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0B7AEAB2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A6945148h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FFD9FCDBh
xor     eax, 22E796F8h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8119D4AEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9BBE9591h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E0EF2940h
sub     eax, 0E3DEE880h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E8E4E4A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 5FBDAC4Ch
add     eax, 0D9D65E02h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0ACEBD8EFh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 871814CDh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 418CC91Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 5A9DE290h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0F7866D56h
xor     eax, 0C184ED16h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 9C49F240h
xor     eax, 0B0E17040h
sub     eax, 0DDEC830Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3515E65Fh
add     eax, 506DC58Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 409D3125h
xor     eax, 76DFFCDBh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 4F720E67h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 11E047E3h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0D6A4E0FDh
sub     eax, 6AEBDAA8h
sub     eax, 415D6B05h
xor     eax, 0CFC7AB95h
sub     eax, 0AA23576Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 26FB97C6h
add     eax, 442C1A44h
add     eax, 1E404AB5h
not     eax
add     eax, 4F504515h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 73075578h
add     eax, 1EDF517Ch
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0EA284E8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 9FB80D78h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 1CB89D54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C8351449h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 51BECA6Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B8B3B4EFh
sub     eax, 0D4555650h
sub     eax, 0EB07244Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 148EC504h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 62C73BBFh
sub     eax, 0FA3B1D6Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0CB98F2DAh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 963DB6FAh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0BDF2C448h
add     eax, 1839BB01h
add     eax, 0F2BA2B4Dh
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 79864C2Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7600E764h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 23FB5829h
xor     eax, 33AA9B13h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1C0B9B12h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0D3A54284h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0BAB9F438h
not     eax
add     eax, 515391F3h
sub     eax, 0F1DD50E7h
xor     eax, 6A793E1Ah
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 28271361h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0DCD40720h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0DF9554C3h
add     eax, 53E8B351h
xor     eax, 2A9E4EE9h
xor     eax, 3D2323E7h
add     eax, 54AE07FCh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 93F7F873h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2B310968h
add     eax, 0DEA96C6Ch
add     eax, 58BA753Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8CC67EB4h
add     eax, 0DD21628Fh
sub     eax, 1E3F39F3h
xor     eax, 0F737646Ah
sub     eax, 24F273A6h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 8B15027Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D2B95CDEh
xor     eax, 526B9E85h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 51A698B2h
sub     eax, 0B906B270h
xor     eax, 0C1074FF5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0A7E3A63Bh
sub     eax, 0D032771Dh
sub     eax, 0B69C23C7h
add     eax, 2C36A5F2h
xor     eax, 0A449E1A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1A9FA9B4h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 3398F428h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 3D1E9375h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 9CC197C3h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0FD725CF9h
sub     eax, 5CB6F9F0h
sub     eax, 0C09D3B8Bh
add     eax, 3446D20Ch
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 69C91587h
add     eax, 104D25D5h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AAE4CD4Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 20A8DEABh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0C4CD0502h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 57C95D77h
xor     eax, 51603FCDh
sub     eax, 0CA2CF311h
add     eax, 0C3D801F5h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 6B4E36FBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3D74EE03h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 61F3D120h
not     eax
add     eax, 6AD1929Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 90BFFAECh
xor     eax, 215FCEEBh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 19697CE2h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0B3F9653Ah
xor     eax, 0C41C6637h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 67A5E5D5h
add     eax, 26539486h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0A6E12F7Ch
add     eax, 5EA5A6BCh
add     eax, 359F7195h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F3E127D4h
sub     eax, 77903350h
add     eax, 2F1317EBh
xor     eax, 404D901Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 4A87C9BCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4DCBBBAAh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0C5C6EB8Ah
sub     eax, 0BF2E92A3h
sub     eax, 9EE17599h
add     eax, 936B7E7Bh
sub     eax, 0D9772699h
sub     eax, 6ED169A1h
add     eax, 5F4BBA14h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0F86F530Dh
xor     eax, 67CF91CCh
sub     eax, 8AA80ED1h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 7F0521C3h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CA112F65h
xor     eax, 10B49002h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0D2B3EE99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 101545CAh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A74BA932h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0CD2F20A7h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0E7EF294Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 4537C67Eh
xor     eax, 65F91F0Ah
xor     eax, 13FA3D23h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5FBD1505h
xor     eax, 7B762B69h
sub     eax, 0DFEBCC13h
sub     eax, 2D8DD074h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 979AEB5Bh
sub     eax, 0D9DE6C42h
add     eax, 462D7891h
sub     eax, 7DB4045Ch
add     eax, 82893D5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 20AF3CDCh
add     eax, 0D66D1358h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0FCF56DAFh
add     eax, 280817E5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D39D978Dh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0D5C8BF57h
xor     eax, 914D1C33h
sub     eax, 0EA612A49h
sub     eax, 0FA5F7164h
not     eax
add     eax, 172001E4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3C78B387h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 9D433DE6h
xor     eax, 7C9AE873h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F80E96C2h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B417F2ACh
sub     eax, 4B7BE4FBh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A5146FBBh
xor     eax, 0B9E7CFFCh
not     eax
add     eax, 9DED5C4Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3F5EF7F6h
not     eax
add     eax, 8A5F3FA8h
add     eax, 156FD456h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 170FE82Bh
xor     eax, 0B4ABDB3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8D3C614Bh
sub     eax, 363DC6C9h
xor     eax, 70F98EB6h
add     eax, 670C214Ch
xor     eax, 5DBFAEDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 84779C5Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8DA237ADh
xor     eax, 862CB908h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 438FD7DEh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0AC2CF897h
add     eax, 0DCC50E3Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0D4B69E99h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2B730F0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 85D596C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 54F62982h
sub     eax, 614D4CCFh
xor     eax, 3F7E8A27h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0A9B4FB35h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 2A077A7Ch
add     eax, 0E395A444h
sub     eax, 2E29CC2Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 677E7352h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 1F4A2260h
sub     eax, 16A3921Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FBB6FAEDh
add     eax, 0C4EA50AAh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 1FDE8CBAh
add     eax, 2B8792C3h
sub     eax, 0D87303CDh
sub     eax, 23C6ADC2h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 0DF9A825Eh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 4C32B7F8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DFC254D5h
sub     eax, 0E4D55BA3h
xor     eax, 39FC77EBh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 58ED79CBh
xor     eax, 6BBD4C9Bh
add     eax, 0F56C015Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0A89E4549h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F92092F3h
xor     eax, 0A60D1135h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 1E475087h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6F9D4605h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1FAEFEAFh
xor     eax, 6BB863C8h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 368BDC21h
add     eax, 1CD7821Ch
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0B92CA959h
add     eax, 133BDEEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0C6527ADDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2E2EF659h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 42006990h
xor     eax, 343749CAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6C1B7EE6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 1F634610h
sub     eax, 9C9F58E3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 4B917D40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 77360378h
add     eax, 123FEAB5h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 8D489D2Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 73E48899h
add     eax, 240C4077h
xor     eax, 0D18497ADh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 74FC6C39h
sub     eax, 3A604E98h
xor     eax, 885EFC41h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 23832829h
not     eax
sub     eax, 51F156EFh
add     eax, 2185DA73h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E5BE15EFh
sub     eax, 0C8DA8B9Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0A085E7B6h
add     eax, 0E78014CFh
xor     eax, 907C160Ah
sub     eax, 70C515D3h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 9754DB78h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0A730C7C0h
xor     eax, 9CD76720h
sub     eax, 46C2F5AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8471EA74h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 15F0158Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 7DAE1B64h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 50F25248h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0D7AA1A94h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 33B1F65Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8FB6B8A7h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F65C4B38h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 37B07E5Eh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 25E5BC33h
not     eax
add     eax, 416092B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F694BC70h
sub     eax, 0A916C463h
xor     eax, 6D7D2E17h
sub     eax, 104EBC5Ah
sub     eax, 0FAD3E70Ah
add     eax, 3BD388D7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 11B95024h
not     eax
sub     eax, 20F557C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D65B3BB6h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0DF208641h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0A2230C8Fh
add     eax, 0D87E1501h
xor     eax, 0F3560A78h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D13C6899h
sub     eax, 30BC2584h
sub     eax, 0F9335063h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1054C504h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4E732941h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 43E1FA07h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F48B91BBh
sub     eax, 6EBE6C5Ah
sub     eax, 3E489E02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A989BD27h
xor     eax, 6DC309EFh
add     eax, 8807909Eh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 227A90D9h
sub     eax, 26531241h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1057E8FCh
sub     eax, 0C05C3CB6h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 8B0C1826h
add     eax, 2E809371h
add     eax, 0F68859E3h
sub     eax, 22D2BA07h
add     eax, 96C47242h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 2AD87BB3h
sub     eax, 0EDCBE76Fh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0E9EAC9C1h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 1C12D6CDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D71EEFB1h
sub     eax, 7CD4629Eh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 6CD33847h
xor     eax, 0E720054Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CF4DF1CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E1E9F5E0h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F60F6518h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 20FC5EF8h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 299BC47Ch
xor     eax, 79FBFD7Bh
xor     eax, 1EA20D0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EFC995DEh
add     eax, 0F7047274h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 591E0AD9h
sub     eax, 96820603h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D9691293h
not     eax
xor     eax, 10B152EAh
xor     eax, 839E935Fh
xor     eax, 0D64DF915h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 45DB9087h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4C1AB22Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C756AF78h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0ABCC956Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E1A9D387h
add     eax, 4C5EB348h
sub     eax, 39CC56C0h
sub     eax, 0C7B286CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D0959AD2h
sub     eax, 23219E9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2456E538h
add     eax, 5CBAB7FEh
add     eax, 0CD739E21h
add     eax, 154AE638h
xor     eax, 0D2278587h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B8277043h
add     eax, 862907D1h
add     eax, 9CF5DA50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 161AA423h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 80F7FE1Dh
sub     eax, 65BE69C8h
xor     eax, 0E700A2D2h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2D879C53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 53AA9A8Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 62B674C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 82105654h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 9D7B9465h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CD0C6CEEh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0ADEB02AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 9CA38A8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 27324788h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 5D7CC915h
xor     eax, 9B881973h
xor     eax, 5050C7A0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C9EDC343h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 73ADAF44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 4C6D8013h
xor     eax, 0FA6F920Dh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E048DCE0h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 4D22E6DEh
xor     eax, 4BF6EACDh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0A02EF31Ch
sub     eax, 263FCDA0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0BEB56E98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 79F225B3h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A6C6FDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 522461BDh
add     eax, 31A54C26h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 10E8A881h
add     eax, 0D01C04AFh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 5F905B07h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C02B3BE1h
xor     eax, 66651336h
xor     eax, 0A1AF667Bh
add     eax, 0FBE953BCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E69D3291h
add     eax, 0FC57B801h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0C55CE7B9h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 5FD887FEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D27E7BE3h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0A543881Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0D93B4CA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C3098499h
add     eax, 0EB5F4FEEh
xor     eax, 1242551Bh
sub     eax, 44978AEFh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 43BD5090h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6E2F1A89h
xor     eax, 0A2CE3543h
xor     eax, 5BB60514h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 773BF654h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0C6D9E17Ah
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 1B4CDEDDh
xor     eax, 0ABCBB1C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 553AC4DDh
xor     eax, 310C753Bh
xor     eax, 0D8B8A464h
add     eax, 2BA71895h
xor     eax, 0E20CCEEDh
add     eax, 20E8FE8Eh
xor     eax, 0CD3E31D0h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 63CB11BFh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 190BD1C3h
xor     eax, 84AA0692h
sub     eax, 17ED8EC7h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 87BB2FA9h
sub     eax, 0CCAC0981h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 24FD86C8h
sub     eax, 0AE372F19h
xor     eax, 9FBD21ACh
xor     eax, 0E3A4FDFAh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 48E3B949h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0F093C2C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E46674BBh
xor     eax, 193E0A30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 5220C85Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E8D68ACBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 8C0094AEh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 6DBF9F4Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 44B7CB10h
xor     eax, 0D348BFFDh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 86DD6495h
xor     eax, 61828B94h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 9B56DF63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 1ADFBCE9h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0ACE4DC62h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0BE94E7CAh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 501EDAD2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6136A98Dh
sub     eax, 74869CD3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 4E956144h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 9DEB8CA3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B881DEBDh
add     eax, 0E2473883h
add     eax, 897C8143h
add     eax, 0B3BD4C5Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 19350F05h
xor     eax, 0ED19722Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E0772E5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 32E38731h
sub     eax, 0C72B3D14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4D116AEBh
sub     eax, 61B608CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 487149F9h
add     eax, 0ACAB17FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 4575E223h
sub     eax, 7F641C88h
add     eax, 0E927AFD2h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 19C1347Fh
sub     eax, 0A510095Eh
xor     eax, 0AF82694Bh
sub     eax, 0C0A99F94h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9460A7ABh
xor     eax, 2462C5E1h
add     eax, 525A0839h
not     eax
sub     eax, 91CD8C87h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 5A4F8FBCh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0F6BAEE43h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F39260F9h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 2F600979h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 6D2227DCh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0D34C2EC0h
add     eax, 8B1F43B5h
add     eax, 0DE455623h
sub     eax, 54BDB323h
xor     eax, 0A4C30961h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 627B0BEBh
sub     eax, 0C14E5E1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5B752974h
add     eax, 18C66E0Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F231893Eh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 8FED14A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0FBE1D88Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 3F592E4Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0DADCE3FDh
sub     eax, 0BEBDFE42h
sub     eax, 91A73EF9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7A4E4A8Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 8D82CE96h
sub     eax, 0B80B27DCh
add     eax, 0EDB8951Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D358AC6Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F3214B55h
xor     eax, 41915117h
add     eax, 0AF7D8EE1h
xor     eax, 38E23570h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2B74F49Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E15E0D6Ah
xor     eax, 0FFE63303h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 6A397690h
add     eax, 958B7780h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 81FF81A0h
add     eax, 3489CDFFh
sub     eax, 0EA3C6425h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 933AC175h
add     eax, 731922E4h
add     eax, 0DE663AA6h
sub     eax, 89D9E29Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 1892E3EAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 69F9E610h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 23089693h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A6920BF4h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EA1A25CDh
add     eax, 10A34ECDh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 50C018FAh
sub     eax, 30D94F18h
add     eax, 7AB20C79h
add     eax, 86788C93h
xor     eax, 0E042AB22h
add     eax, 987BE087h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 1E79D5F8h
xor     eax, 1AA7D6E5h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 17EEA6F3h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B09888C1h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0E6D0D243h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4C33501Fh
add     eax, 3F16D53Bh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0DAE61AABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4A196BD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 4071F843h
xor     eax, 0AE0FB250h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 58A9DBBFh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 5F644B3Eh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 541B04E4h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 561834F7h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8A7B64D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 54762CABh
add     eax, 33BCAEFEh
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 4C6D81FEh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FA76BE04h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1BFD65EDh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 99E49907h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 46CD5928h
xor     eax, 0EF412B9Dh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 934547BBh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 479D9CC8h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 334314C6h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0EF952975h
not     eax
add     eax, 9312D20Dh
add     eax, 0C82457E8h
xor     eax, 0C7570542h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 32727074h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 3D892532h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 2878EF6Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 34CEE0D9h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B0DBE590h
add     eax, 0C748B3FDh
add     eax, 50A0E2EAh
sub     eax, 0C1E53809h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B04DFEFFh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0CF8295B8h
sub     eax, 0DBE36FEAh
add     eax, 3422F881h
xor     eax, 41B3BDEDh
add     eax, 0AC40989Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2D9EFC34h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 90C9B11Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E8449E63h
add     eax, 3A894EADh
sub     eax, 325BFDF3h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 41C30C74h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0B7F16B36h
sub     eax, 1A4A3346h
xor     eax, 11E5A7CCh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0F5511FA5h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0CD26EE9Ch
add     eax, 23F19F8Fh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F3E5A0B9h
xor     eax, 6583FE28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 723F1675h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 23549CBFh
add     eax, 6A5D043Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EAEEB5C0h
add     eax, 0FF2F7122h
sub     eax, 56DFF891h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CC105822h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 5259E93Eh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 4BF23DD7h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0DE460DE5h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 83D55771h
add     eax, 4679DC5Ch
sub     eax, 0C7F97B8Fh
add     eax, 59A223F1h
sub     eax, 3D6C1B37h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 2616B153h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D0F19428h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 8723057Bh
xor     eax, 0DE9CC87Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 33B9E426h
add     eax, 9D1905E7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2A742D3Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 8EDBA5ACh
sub     eax, 1EDE1569h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 6732B1BCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1E8770F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 28266349h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A293807Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 91E39FCAh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E3EF67D8h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0C9591FE2h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 1D4B4FCDh
add     eax, 944BB9EFh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E4DA63ACh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 4CA34EACh
sub     eax, 0E367C911h
xor     eax, 27A8DE41h
xor     eax, 3B04666Dh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C43035A6h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 22942AB9h
sub     eax, 48124C27h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 897EAB81h
add     eax, 0C149698Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 92D67A8Dh
add     eax, 9074A7DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7128BD45h
xor     eax, 0ED6AE868h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 9ED5906Ch
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0CE3165BCh
sub     eax, 8B9CF569h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 94E12D13h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 92E162ADh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B439C108h
xor     eax, 0F457B340h
sub     eax, 1637BD67h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9EA0092Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D716240Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 9E609D44h
sub     eax, 95CF88A7h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0E7111AA3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 78309728h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CCDF17BFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9AD84326h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2F31EE76h
sub     eax, 0E3350B8Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0CABB50C0h
xor     eax, 0E4682173h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5A226967h
sub     eax, 6FEDDC6Ah
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 32D2F8D9h
sub     eax, 0ACCA0955h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0CCE779B0h
add     eax, 1465C766h
add     eax, 8D503AF3h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 2E412C5Dh
add     eax, 0D72BE61Fh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 9B48BEEEh
sub     eax, 8DFB04CDh
xor     eax, 3F6B6C63h
add     eax, 470EF88Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 450271BAh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0A9CE9C48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0C527E31Dh
xor     eax, 0B3F237A1h
xor     eax, 0F1CE9E97h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0A7DDAC73h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1DDBD8EDh
sub     eax, 0CA6CFCCAh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 26897985h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B9B47027h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 3778CCE7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FA64BF56h
sub     eax, 0AB685BFFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8F169D34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DD5ED6F1h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A2C5319Eh
add     eax, 0C971551Eh
xor     eax, 7E145A79h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 772E6898h
add     eax, 8253ADD6h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 7253D3AFh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 63B0D55Ch
xor     eax, 0A9C3F451h
sub     eax, 3803610Ch
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EA07F5C0h
xor     eax, 0C2CFEFA8h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 1BE8396Ch
add     eax, 1211FAC2h
sub     eax, 5812F6ACh
xor     eax, 609DC7F5h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 793C3565h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 96A589F8h
sub     eax, 51DCF83Dh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0BA44F47Dh
sub     eax, 90E8ABF5h
xor     eax, 7069DF28h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 38DD9249h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 526E99A1h
sub     eax, 8DA2FBE0h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 592B10DAh
add     eax, 388BE2CDh
add     eax, 7E48AD24h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 4A41149Bh
sub     eax, 4C7F774Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 70BC2478h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 78421148h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 26DF70CBh
xor     eax, 1E9F106Ah
xor     eax, 3C49E57Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 71C31AF1h
sub     eax, 0B801ED5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0C96C273Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0AB425E0Eh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 25E8DA06h
add     eax, 5AC22B41h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0EF96899Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 69FF0B4Bh
sub     eax, 2CAA0B7Ch
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ABD74216h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 3B88D888h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FA5602B4h
xor     eax, 5D6DF616h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7DD4BD92h
sub     eax, 3D797D51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0C3600966h
add     eax, 6022CCE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7181D555h
add     eax, 8B95DF3Ch
sub     eax, 87EDB29Bh
xor     eax, 0F51487F1h
sub     eax, 3A726017h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F663E4BCh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 25446586h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 9A3E551Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 2E3AF973h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0A3A502B1h
sub     eax, 0D1842A8Ah
add     eax, 244847A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5D25CFB6h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 3CA730F0h
sub     eax, 0F291D91Dh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 9044328Ah
add     eax, 305601ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 8DE9B22Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 7A6D7D35h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3D30C5E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7C31A477h
sub     eax, 0F4B576C8h
sub     eax, 8AA3C5D2h
sub     eax, 2CDB703Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 95FA40B4h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0EB7983DAh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 3ECD932Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 6EC9735Eh
xor     eax, 0FB585AD0h
add     eax, 8FEA804Fh
xor     eax, 0AB53F3ADh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 57F8FD49h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 5C468700h
not     eax
sub     eax, 89012DACh
add     eax, 0ACDA0918h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7E205A0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7EBA97A3h
sub     eax, 13ED8A1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 667272F9h
add     eax, 0BA27712Dh
xor     eax, 8461E2BFh
add     eax, 368C010Dh
sub     eax, 3BFFABD9h
sub     eax, 0FD8D2118h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 3C81CE1Bh
xor     eax, 4E65DC9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 48500B2Eh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 5E2E7607h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 773C06B6h
add     eax, 8220A9ECh
xor     eax, 0E4E7AF9Fh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4F654626h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0EEB4A92Eh
sub     eax, 41A626B4h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 8CF63336h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9C3874B2h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DA8CB195h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 93825C7Bh
add     eax, 69D45379h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0A218EED1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8EDC5713h
sub     eax, 1CB032DDh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0FDA9A7F8h
add     eax, 712AE72Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D4012D83h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 417C1FA8h
sub     eax, 33B95345h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0CEEAA11Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C4728416h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 3ADE09ACh
xor     eax, 1F994C8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 875995BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EB49A861h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8BBD46D5h
sub     eax, 0B756D786h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0C9BADCADh
add     eax, 5450E48Fh
xor     eax, 23F41B28h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0F46A73BDh
add     eax, 0CC759CA3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1EF9ED39h
add     eax, 0F34D2C21h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 553FD6CEh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0D791D89Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0ADE8675Dh
sub     eax, 20F475EAh
sub     eax, 7E990D6Fh
sub     eax, 0E16C455Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0F1DEC224h
sub     eax, 3BBC11CEh
xor     eax, 8318B706h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 29D39468h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 90EF2F68h
sub     eax, 78B87845h
add     eax, 0EA4FDE6Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 691FAACEh
xor     eax, 982B2BB2h
sub     eax, 0AD9330FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DCB944D5h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0F00F71C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E0CA373Ch
sub     eax, 7D9FCA14h
xor     eax, 0B2BE9E4Fh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B47AA10Ch
xor     eax, 0ABCBD027h
xor     eax, 6B8F47A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5938ADEAh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2E60DFA1h
add     eax, 0D9ED73E6h
sub     eax, 0F188C851h
xor     eax, 0D7E661C9h
add     eax, 26B41830h
sub     eax, 0B7E3157Dh
xor     eax, 0A6669783h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 52453D66h
add     eax, 0B2B3FBB0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 454027D5h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 79D3118Eh
xor     eax, 107B4B1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1B04CBE0h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0B6A94D8Fh
xor     eax, 0B3CDF3D4h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 5D30B719h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0E968B4EBh
xor     eax, 80AC8F63h
xor     eax, 0D9F5D11Ah
add     eax, 9F9A6A27h
add     eax, 2709016Ah
sub     eax, 562B47D7h
sub     eax, 0B25AD486h
sub     eax, 0AAA633C0h
sub     eax, 0DF2F9E67h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E622BCDDh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 99BA10F7h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 527A9122h
sub     eax, 0BAA63900h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0F4C8226Ah
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2F49B3E4h
sub     eax, 26D0D612h
xor     eax, 4B244F1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E71F2CC5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9F6721BCh
xor     eax, 50B56771h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 4450FC5Fh
sub     eax, 5B648DCFh
add     eax, 0BE0BBCB8h
xor     eax, 0EE997546h
add     eax, 18FEBBA0h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C9230405h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 62967D74h
add     eax, 3F71822Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 279E6C33h
xor     eax, 0B312965Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7FB4142Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0DA1BC787h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0D3B6494Ah
xor     eax, 0CE639B89h
xor     eax, 0AB55DA56h
sub     eax, 0B148AFF7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 73167140h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 8C47A581h
not     eax
xor     eax, 69ADEE00h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D927620Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 456F8307h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 2ACB39B3h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 42FEE3A2h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0E4093FAAh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0F4FFFC62h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0D7DB46E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4859E9E8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4370AF6Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8D45A5BBh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0E0F753DFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B56FD8EEh
sub     eax, 8352F2BCh
sub     eax, 9638815Fh
xor     eax, 996FB005h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FCD401D5h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CFDC4B71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9D78A917h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 33089EFBh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A58FBC26h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EEB5D677h
add     eax, 0AF156F2Ch
add     eax, 0AB471832h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 13152CBEh
sub     eax, 0C52BE984h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 51D7E2A2h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 878DFEE7h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0E01179C0h
add     eax, 8D75B0EBh
sub     eax, 908E4D4Fh
xor     eax, 15DBD3D5h
xor     eax, 0E632B21Bh
xor     eax, 7D4FACA8h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0E95A9757h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 95959E31h
sub     eax, 4FCB0574h
add     eax, 2FC4207Fh
xor     eax, 21A5496Eh
add     eax, 0D23B6B00h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DA3C9783h
add     eax, 29B6C1B3h
sub     eax, 0C0A770C7h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 2EC63E43h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E4BA8EC1h
xor     eax, 8C46672Fh
add     eax, 0EC1A7DD9h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0DD446189h
add     eax, 8ED9EA88h
sub     eax, 0E4690C3Ah
sub     eax, 426E48C7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0EA289645h
sub     eax, 0D477C169h
xor     eax, 5DD905C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 63F28854h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0C0A57429h
add     eax, 365C86A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 160C2139h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B0762EBEh
sub     eax, 85825E37h
xor     eax, 19270375h
xor     eax, 28A1C5C9h
xor     eax, 7FE3C217h
sub     eax, 1881B620h
xor     eax, 0A9074569h
sub     eax, 0A7150F87h
add     eax, 9FE3DB52h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5A57EF2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 79F8EEC8h
add     eax, 797930F7h
sub     eax, 0F5529CDAh
xor     eax, 863FDA26h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C09A1F55h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FF82D90Eh
xor     eax, 0B0ADECBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 1C1ED85Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 1F0E884Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 54EE32C5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B1F0C746h
sub     eax, 0ADCB1379h
add     eax, 131880E5h
sub     eax, 5BB4B3E2h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 29849A51h
not     eax
add     eax, 2D8F208Ah
add     eax, 0F1875588h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 18074E6Bh
xor     eax, 0D7A9288Ch
sub     eax, 0D91D9EB2h
add     eax, 0CFD08CF6h
xor     eax, 686DD563h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 6562862Bh
xor     eax, 0F0D89963h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0FFBC0E55h
sub     eax, 1E45FA63h
add     eax, 8AEADA16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 5223A3E5h
xor     eax, 0B77E0EB2h
sub     eax, 474AFBBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 138947F0h
xor     eax, 89A9029Bh
sub     eax, 0CA2739AEh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 4C26D154h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0D9759A12h
xor     eax, 5FDF91F2h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0F53616E3h
sub     eax, 0C5930727h
xor     eax, 0BC4CFD88h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0AB6416A2h
add     eax, 0FB4AE4F4h
sub     eax, 6960AA13h
sub     eax, 55C0DD53h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0BDF570A6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0E105C7FDh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 3BAC329Bh
xor     eax, 937C1790h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F2438C4Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3A85C7BEh
xor     eax, 8447EC65h
sub     eax, 8484A82Fh
xor     eax, 0B2E38B7Bh
xor     eax, 718916C5h
xor     eax, 475C9A84h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 71B8255Bh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 9548C76Ah
add     eax, 0E50C150Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 189F9652h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 19DCE7B7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 658B2871h
xor     eax, 59792C3Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EEBF36ADh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 3E29AB03h
not     eax
add     eax, 85EA844Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 9EB989F2h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 85C86027h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0FC0432CDh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 1381665Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 4336111Ah
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 3791D30Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F84C3C19h
add     eax, 0BE7FDBF6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 4A44FBD2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 26B1BDACh
sub     eax, 72110F55h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 6BD1FEE6h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0F72CB6B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 86436ECFh
not     eax
add     eax, 390DFCC9h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1EC6E628h
xor     eax, 0BBC62B2Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 2AF765F6h
sub     eax, 9798F48Dh
xor     eax, 0FE17282Eh
sub     eax, 2822B2BFh
sub     eax, 4178BCE3h
sub     eax, 2DCCB653h
sub     eax, 64B86E2Ah
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 423DE1C9h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0FD4C94AAh
add     eax, 0D1F6EE6Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 5233515Fh
xor     eax, 8DE3AD7Ah
xor     eax, 0AC352073h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F546F245h
xor     eax, 201C25CCh
add     eax, 0BB9610DBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 11C4BB68h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 626678F4h
sub     eax, 3C2391D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 229FF5BEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 2755D32Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EB1CADEEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AC1B6012h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0E8C00DC0h
xor     eax, 0B832668Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 961A0306h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 921E1666h
xor     eax, 57788E68h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 181F7CFBh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D0A28B6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BC1CF2AAh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 41009141h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 9638F56Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D1E0EBFAh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0A61A5B9Eh
xor     eax, 30BD9C0Eh
xor     eax, 524027F2h
add     eax, 1A68533Ch
add     eax, 0B0821CE5h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0A6BEF28Bh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F8F9BD73h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 5985CD42h
add     eax, 56FB01F4h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 187846E2h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 9FBB6B84h
xor     eax, 21FDB17Ch
xor     eax, 5AFA494Fh
sub     eax, 0D87FFAD3h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 8A510A43h
not     eax
sub     eax, 581C4A80h
add     eax, 31556287h
add     eax, 0D49E537Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 2458F563h
sub     eax, 831F8DBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9F3CD7BDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 85A470A9h
sub     eax, 0E6AF914Ch
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0C7FAA29Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0E1AAC227h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5595C7A8h
sub     eax, 35376213h
add     eax, 4A65B51Ah
add     eax, 1F6EF986h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 990326D9h
sub     eax, 0F54707ECh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 582882D8h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D567AF55h
xor     eax, 251BD645h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5B9BE9BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 82578E9Dh
xor     eax, 0E8E8EF73h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 1495EAA5h
xor     eax, 23517C41h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 2644495Fh
xor     eax, 0B820787Dh
xor     eax, 6B982017h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0B72CB802h
add     eax, 13E86770h
add     eax, 4B48ED0Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 9BDF1F9Ah
xor     eax, 9D40AFA2h
sub     eax, 9C55B2C8h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 3AF0E093h
add     eax, 0D322A692h
add     eax, 0A2A2877Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0DD7F1B85h
xor     eax, 461225D3h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2A0EA15Bh
add     eax, 45C0BDCDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C7A89BFCh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1D22F996h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0D6B248E1h
add     eax, 0A3483BF4h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 26301856h
sub     eax, 0C68E4CD3h
xor     eax, 0E1DC5240h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A1BA6A46h
sub     eax, 77927EE9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0EC08559Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 70030AACh
xor     eax, 0E5BCD5B2h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0BF48A91Bh
sub     eax, 4CD2F9A6h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 40B79BA4h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 89BD5F31h
xor     eax, 9C55B39Dh
add     eax, 34E14864h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6A5FBBAAh
xor     eax, 98A3A8E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 6F033926h
sub     eax, 40EFBEDAh
sub     eax, 0B7B8AE74h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 40661243h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0AD966FA5h
add     eax, 56C84B2Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B99CDDF3h
xor     eax, 25E990FBh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 479B0814h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DFFAEECDh
sub     eax, 70E7B729h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 227BFD7Dh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 71F52E74h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0CA28B83Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E2D0E08Ah
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 210A27CFh
add     eax, 2F5E4906h
sub     eax, 276121B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 915A7C28h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 67DE735Bh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2AA718D9h
xor     eax, 0FF8C7339h
sub     eax, 84BC7DE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9A764948h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 6AE8CFF8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B1BF5EAAh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 4EC6C5C6h
xor     eax, 0EBAA875Fh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0D117DF5Dh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 15236303h
xor     eax, 9176B907h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 897679C6h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 5D8F5D45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D6892D6Bh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F00EEB95h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 300CEA39h
xor     eax, 7641103Bh
add     eax, 0F36ECD0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0B347C045h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7CBF1069h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 7BE4790Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 846463D3h
xor     eax, 0C21060B0h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 804E92E4h
sub     eax, 96D2738Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 61881C0Fh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 69FE3EBFh
sub     eax, 930671AEh
add     eax, 11CE6ACAh
sub     eax, 520BA568h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 67C59198h
add     eax, 7C83D3E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0CB57E996h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 535F17DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 4307D603h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5380BF54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1D287916h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 68553117h
xor     eax, 0D1807FE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0AACABD80h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C9F4E07Dh
add     eax, 0FD2CAEE3h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 8C8B216Fh
add     eax, 0B8DDCCF3h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0BE848786h
add     eax, 0ABABB2EFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0FB6485D8h
xor     eax, 0B78912DDh
sub     eax, 77CD0177h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B859E323h
sub     eax, 85E9A89Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 4ED9E3AFh
add     eax, 82577221h
add     eax, 73841F73h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 57780AA0h
add     eax, 20F07021h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7A1540F1h
sub     eax, 0D3D23482h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FE7B871Bh
add     eax, 1EEAC0F3h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 349C8292h
add     eax, 2FB49F09h
xor     eax, 0AACC17C4h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 5E46600Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0A20A083Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4E99926Bh
xor     eax, 220CEBF9h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 4CC922CDh
add     eax, 4956C496h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0C686AA17h
add     eax, 5C16C0A2h
add     eax, 8E43F4A2h
xor     eax, 1AF599E9h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8AAEDA7Bh
add     eax, 0B5119EC4h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 82FA7992h
add     eax, 0F67D0C71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EF7AB2B1h
sub     eax, 43D56D5Ch
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 30D674B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 9A14A7F9h
sub     eax, 0D2A52A2Eh
sub     eax, 99A4026Eh
sub     eax, 0DDFD7CA9h
xor     eax, 30AC0D38h
add     eax, 1B807FE5h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0C8BF04D0h
sub     eax, 81BAFD00h
sub     eax, 4B86F67Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E79611CBh
sub     eax, 0C36DEC44h
add     eax, 0EE304C43h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2F8BC5FFh
add     eax, 599B935Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B52B9AB9h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A3821BB7h
sub     eax, 1B47139Fh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0DD2032C6h
sub     eax, 815EA543h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 7C6E23AAh
sub     eax, 5D20D0C2h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0CBC0A71Eh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 13271320h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 4E060BB4h
add     eax, 496E4498h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 5298DB77h
sub     eax, 9B475B54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4A325DFCh
xor     eax, 9D975156h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8FC2269Ah
sub     eax, 0F5765DB1h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0D595566Ah
xor     eax, 13156EEFh
add     eax, 96DBBF30h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 3CD4E9BFh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0E913C1F5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A300507Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 385817B3h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 6820D7D3h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0E0622F08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9DEE5882h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 113FF02Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 95494144h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 4599BE1Bh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0D5BD37D8h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0AEEC48B1h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 413BE0B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF636E8Bh
xor     eax, 0F8ECEA1Fh
sub     eax, 0EFFDDFA6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 5B9F8E1Ah
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0FAED3248h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0E41F320Eh
add     eax, 21F876D1h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 7AF47617h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E6E53656h
add     eax, 0E6B9A5AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F14CD9BBh
sub     eax, 6B6D0F9Ch
sub     eax, 4FA9EDF7h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 764C58C2h
xor     eax, 6FC782AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 90B04080h
not     eax
add     eax, 37776610h
add     eax, 97EEBB17h
add     eax, 0B9114739h
sub     eax, 4852F890h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0DA7C10E8h
xor     eax, 48DB2BD8h
sub     eax, 0ABC633BCh
add     eax, 14592CFDh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D4722F1h
add     eax, 0DC127A60h
sub     eax, 90E2C5A6h
xor     eax, 22BF7D1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EFC0380Ah
add     eax, 0C570A60Ah
sub     eax, 607ED8C4h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 403A39CDh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0E6DD9CEBh
sub     eax, 0A4715714h
xor     eax, 1A1A5D34h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 7F378331h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 80D0A8C9h
xor     eax, 0D676DF36h
add     eax, 0AC4DFCCEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5A23F846h
xor     eax, 4DE8447Bh
add     eax, 54E14451h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C859E5D1h
add     eax, 15D0581Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 13C22D34h
sub     eax, 4CBCEF6Dh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 3365C340h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 85867A93h
sub     eax, 18748411h
add     eax, 8347F466h
sub     eax, 0CBE407B6h
sub     eax, 0BAD79D7Dh
add     eax, 0D6E627ACh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 12E353E4h
xor     eax, 56B653FBh
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 3C0E24D4h
sub     eax, 0FBDCDE5Dh
sub     eax, 0E01A70A3h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DB7B9D24h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E2E43B82h
sub     eax, 407EBC78h
sub     eax, 0FF9084F5h
add     eax, 413BAECBh
add     eax, 75CE7486h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BF8DA610h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F33755DDh
not     eax
add     eax, 3BDF1AE6h
sub     eax, 11E84DCDh
sub     eax, 361790D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0D055AD36h
xor     eax, 0E02BE2D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6B1AADBEh
add     eax, 0C4C329EDh
xor     eax, 0AECFBE6Dh
add     eax, 8EB9452Dh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 817F8523h
sub     eax, 96B3D1E9h
add     eax, 0FE180739h
xor     eax, 93C30282h
xor     eax, 248E0712h
xor     eax, 8DF7AB0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 674FEA4Bh
add     eax, 974C45ACh
sub     eax, 0C13C279Bh
add     eax, 3FF97DC9h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0C80168FBh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0CE3AE965h
sub     eax, 0A10953B1h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AA921586h
add     eax, 0C119657Bh
add     eax, 65A8D308h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D2D97F61h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AAA8E35Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E0FDFDE2h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0BF511483h
xor     eax, 3E8DBAC2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 513E9A7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EC2D0F74h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6BFFEDEFh
xor     eax, 636732FAh
xor     eax, 53424976h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E4AAEDE0h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BCE38D89h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 4B4A3F4Ch
xor     eax, 0AA8902B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 65D35BC9h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 19DB6638h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 4D44965Ah
sub     eax, 0D6A2A3E8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 208888E4h
sub     eax, 60483EB4h
sub     eax, 112C6FECh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0C376BBF9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4CBA3A7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0AED0B519h
add     eax, 0CF05D664h
xor     eax, 98A6BE98h
add     eax, 527C5A03h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CD858707h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 5D1C8286h
sub     eax, 4570FB62h
xor     eax, 0DC6EDC44h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3A4318D9h
sub     eax, 65C94430h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 60F4878Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0C19C3057h
xor     eax, 0E6661AEAh
xor     eax, 15ACBFC0h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 45256902h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0FF273538h
not     eax
add     eax, 44A9A49Fh
add     eax, 4ADE8A8Ah
sub     eax, 0FC551B37h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 69D2B341h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0CE6D98A5h
xor     eax, 0A9B938A2h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 15230DE1h
xor     eax, 0E0A70FACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7AE78EE2h
xor     eax, 949EE478h
sub     eax, 6BA57E26h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0EECDBA9Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0C2CD3294h
sub     eax, 0F6B4AF72h
sub     eax, 0EDAF5885h
xor     eax, 80DAB816h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 64DE0176h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 9991C11Bh
xor     eax, 1DFDEFF2h
xor     eax, 53D4459Fh
sub     eax, 0B87B7082h
xor     eax, 601FF1E7h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FE14D03Fh
xor     eax, 5D5934EFh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EE1CF10Bh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7BE9D008h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 4638DA69h
add     eax, 498DD19Bh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0A7E18E12h
xor     eax, 9DE8D2C2h
sub     eax, 36339244h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0F36EF538h
add     eax, 3B3BD2E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DAF164A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3E8FDA76h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0EC320EE3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A4C8EFC8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 24904348h
add     eax, 0DF9CB0F2h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0B0B0066Ah
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0EFDA0866h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0F4075010h
add     eax, 0E6756B58h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C4ECC271h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8699C178h
xor     eax, 3DD461E4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 6D3EA079h
xor     eax, 0E2F8923Ah
sub     eax, 0D42B370Bh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CB14B467h
sub     eax, 40BFDA83h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0FF87357Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 7CE91E4Dh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 557581F6h
xor     eax, 6C598154h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0EFF30FCBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2C0F6ED3h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 473BF2B2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FE0ACB67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D1005771h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 64409A76h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 8A702E8Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8CDED705h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B03791A7h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 90B13C8Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B722F7F3h
add     eax, 0D42494AFh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 27756BB8h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0FD35F78Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 8F30DDA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F23A8E3Dh
xor     eax, 0D958F159h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 78A012E6h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0A5CA5814h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 80A0A1DBh
sub     eax, 6A6A1203h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 65F41DF2h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 9036F619h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 286ECE22h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D1139AD6h
add     eax, 545A933Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D1B5D2C9h
xor     eax, 0D09536E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 5B70BD4Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 1D5C14EFh
sub     eax, 4609C343h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0AD25737Eh
sub     eax, 65B5BBE5h
sub     eax, 0F3755587h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 63E0197Bh
add     eax, 93647304h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 3190C7E2h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 3716C704h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2FE4D203h
add     eax, 140DEA40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AF9704FCh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0B009F707h
xor     eax, 0D978B3CEh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0AD861878h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9F7E514Bh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 89E65B7Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0E64C3EAEh
add     eax, 23CC762Fh
add     eax, 9C3811B3h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 96EE87BEh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0A91AAFB5h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0AAC47D1Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 27117D1Fh
add     eax, 0A06A45A6h
sub     eax, 83CA5451h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 780601F4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 40A312DEh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0E96C2815h
not     eax
add     eax, 41D483D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0AB3DB0CCh
sub     eax, 0C683B95Ch
add     eax, 45398BB7h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C9D5EAACh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5F80FE93h
xor     eax, 7F883FD1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7F3E2BBCh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 4EF34C2Bh
xor     eax, 0EB82265Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AC419337h
sub     eax, 0D7562D50h
sub     eax, 934D3A4Ah
add     eax, 19068E86h
add     eax, 8226D85Ah
xor     eax, 472D0B1Dh
xor     eax, 2DE55F34h
sub     eax, 1A10D3CEh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0B9D3ACADh
xor     eax, 8EBDBC55h
add     eax, 3BD7ABF7h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0D986793Ah
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5EE4FE4Fh
xor     eax, 70725649h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FDEA6EF0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 842427B8h
add     eax, 0A412E6EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 32AA4689h
sub     eax, 6AB9E029h
sub     eax, 89D23C45h
not     eax
xor     eax, 57BB11E3h
not     eax
add     eax, 9CBE8C62h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 22766357h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A533B402h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 8E17530Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 55A4E5B1h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 850F31C0h
sub     eax, 8734B4BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C86DBC11h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 67929E1Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 22A92012h
xor     eax, 8DF33067h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 51768DA0h
add     eax, 96AF11A9h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 356BD6C4h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8F4BE2AEh
xor     eax, 0C294BE10h
xor     eax, 568919AAh
add     eax, 0D4B4D60Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0A4B87C0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 3882E230h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 5AF542FDh
not     eax
add     eax, 383DAD90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 839A0C5Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9AB14510h
sub     eax, 166E97FFh
add     eax, 0FAB5E64Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 50A461B5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 51E58053h
add     eax, 6498B5D4h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B17FBF90h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E2619E35h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3F56F70Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A67534FFh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 1B7F51BBh
add     eax, 9EC7398Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F9EF7508h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0D226AACBh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A96BF20Eh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 7EC38CB2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2A7A2F27h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B697B6E8h
add     eax, 3C0A7D07h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D8468CC8h
xor     eax, 50A619F7h
xor     eax, 0CDC98E2Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 2DB6C682h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 8F850C74h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0CD39E06Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EE3C5192h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 5E97D2CDh
add     eax, 0CED0A770h
xor     eax, 7C833768h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C8AB2CBFh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 3CC23AF3h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F9C72A06h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 549FD8A9h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 40E39A6Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9C6F308Ch
add     eax, 3AD0CEFFh
add     eax, 0A1DB65A8h
sub     eax, 90F4DE92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D38AF7BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B2C9489Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8D970F78h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 882CF339h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 71FBD652h
sub     eax, 0E9C51E34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E3422B9Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 4A6EA003h
sub     eax, 32CE0FA0h
xor     eax, 25E8487Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0BB0FE2A9h
sub     eax, 0D856A8F5h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0F87EEB6Ah
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 2D7CABEAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6CBD0B32h
sub     eax, 2002E419h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 76C5C6EBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 207C90C3h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0FBB05585h
sub     eax, 0B7E1A0CAh
sub     eax, 4C30D1FBh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 848CC838h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 9C6E0379h
xor     eax, 0AB50A0D2h
sub     eax, 378E3A57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 29A53C62h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0E53487C1h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 874F4D03h
xor     eax, 86AB0C2Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0D0E05A73h
add     eax, 0ED45712Eh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0FF6A4FD3h
add     eax, 9FA8AE39h
sub     eax, 6F4DDBC2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 383ED41Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D64B014Ah
sub     eax, 8CE50F10h
xor     eax, 4439986Eh
add     eax, 0D66133AEh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 8CE60A6Dh
xor     eax, 0B71843B6h
add     eax, 6F08711Ch
add     eax, 0CA67DE0Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 9D62AD66h
add     eax, 8F97041Ah
xor     eax, 0B0EA5A13h
add     eax, 94D2F575h
add     eax, 0C35D88CDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D9871284h
add     eax, 781A70E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 3BDF05ABh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 64D4399Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0A1F97D17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A8680D0Bh
add     eax, 0F2513056h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F275706Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 39BAB668h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6772567Bh
add     eax, 1233C304h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B878C75Fh
sub     eax, 78AC5328h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B23211EAh
add     eax, 0D84EF8F9h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0EBDD2E3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F5AC968Fh
xor     eax, 87F9CAFEh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D7325B46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C11BCE4Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 3E77528Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DC31BCB9h
xor     eax, 75A7971Ah
add     eax, 0AA1BCFF4h
sub     eax, 82150F91h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B050E2C5h
add     eax, 5EFA2475h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7E1EAA83h
xor     eax, 20CB2181h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 967C39F4h
sub     eax, 3781F2FBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 72CF88E0h
xor     eax, 0AECB8BC4h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 3134F774h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1CA56F48h
xor     eax, 8AD4CB31h
sub     eax, 0B7329C3Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 34C53249h
sub     eax, 0E30A4D52h
xor     eax, 0B09C4D90h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A034DE26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B1B231B6h
add     eax, 0FE1EA8E3h
add     eax, 0DF7A54FAh
sub     eax, 52AF3EAAh
sub     eax, 37668F23h
sub     eax, 0A7188097h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0FB0AA02Ch
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 463BC678h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E9B65387h
xor     eax, 815B24BAh
sub     eax, 0BBE78099h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 89335A69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0BA4D9318h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0D9798225h
sub     eax, 47FE54B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 65E788BFh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C08A3457h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0BDF7A3B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 64075F16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A0FA3BE4h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0A1AD57F8h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 535B55F3h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0DE551921h
xor     eax, 7CA0B0A9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 91D3884Dh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 846F8ACAh
not     eax
add     eax, 575DC15Ch
sub     eax, 84F58D42h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 33C376E4h
xor     eax, 4D9D5ADFh
add     eax, 1E26377Eh
xor     eax, 0EF224D47h
add     eax, 84FC1743h
xor     eax, 8BF65783h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EBDB2BF1h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 1756F0E7h
sub     eax, 2E0977A5h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 85A02A3Eh
sub     eax, 2212857Dh
add     eax, 0E3F0A4D0h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 558579F0h
add     eax, 0D6B634F1h
sub     eax, 0BF321AEBh
sub     eax, 18C2A805h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B3C687E9h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CF582BE3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8A16A98Bh
sub     eax, 0E81CE6B1h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 94296CBBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0A09E48D8h
sub     eax, 3F21D5F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DC376244h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2C7F441Ch
xor     eax, 7C8BDF15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 28B97AB4h
sub     eax, 8541A92Bh
xor     eax, 0DF9E548Bh
xor     eax, 523D7C32h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3B8BEFC4h
sub     eax, 0ACB03E20h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 4BA814F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4BA44BDDh
sub     eax, 28A9A2CFh
sub     eax, 3EF16226h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 470A4B55h
xor     eax, 6BC3FB14h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0B65FEFFCh
sub     eax, 9B5DC93Ch
sub     eax, 0E96D4557h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 1A9FCFF9h
not     eax
add     eax, 6F76C6DFh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 15938145h
sub     eax, 57BA0F29h
add     eax, 0BC6890CAh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 36B1FB06h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0B608B052h
xor     eax, 0F58B3CA5h
add     eax, 5CBF8595h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 6AA7208Eh
sub     eax, 6DAADD1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 635734D5h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7F0DF0A7h
add     eax, 579A64E4h
add     eax, 73ABA47Bh
sub     eax, 32093ACEh
add     eax, 0EAFAA41Fh
sub     eax, 1009FF75h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 9672D513h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 247F6E1Ah
sub     eax, 7EBB29AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 4D163C69h
add     eax, 61043182h
add     eax, 0B85236E6h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 2F8E4A37h
add     eax, 0D4A3F9F3h
add     eax, 0AB29353Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0E12FE89Ah
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 55A53D7Fh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 94517375h
sub     eax, 902962EDh
xor     eax, 5210285Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0BF397439h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 702EE295h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EDCA57EDh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 8560C410h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 68665179h
xor     eax, 0F79D20AFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 95AACCB7h
sub     eax, 96B0E010h
xor     eax, 6AB26090h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 472F91CEh
add     eax, 3E295641h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 8B1E1FDAh
sub     eax, 25C04F6Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AD0E675Eh
add     eax, 7044F852h
xor     eax, 71E032FBh
add     eax, 0E61CA6E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C5748D2Ch
xor     eax, 73AD7FF3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 38628918h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 4FDCA99Dh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0FF8B35CAh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0B7370BD1h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DCB973F0h
sub     eax, 0DCEE7599h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 86A6F451h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D9638F9Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A56C8C68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3384593Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 47A44BF6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 88D43893h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2AE9B676h
add     eax, 0B2F0BF68h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 34C75DAEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 81F3DA12h
add     eax, 0F451FA6Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D00A9FEBh
xor     eax, 1D05E179h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 85ABD509h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2CAFFF9Dh
sub     eax, 25585E85h
sub     eax, 0B71D5FDDh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 9C507FC4h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 58FDE82Eh
xor     eax, 0D6586C00h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 8C5B1467h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C54CBA87h
sub     eax, 0C4B4E227h
xor     eax, 74484054h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 4DA7587Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6354992Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 53FA9479h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 2373F3D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 8DE26770h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E1DB1EF0h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B2D1BF73h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A137835Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 356550D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A91A070Bh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 2B578FCBh
add     eax, 2DDF831Ch
xor     eax, 0CA4D46FAh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D5106860h
add     eax, 3F248964h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F1F76DF1h
sub     eax, 14EEBC00h
sub     eax, 0C34936FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0FB8D1AF5h
xor     eax, 9E9F11B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0FF8B3141h
sub     eax, 45C2577Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DE696082h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9EC250F0h
xor     eax, 1A75F01Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 401858E7h
xor     eax, 9A5B0752h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FBE859B3h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0FF48C0C8h
sub     eax, 59EC4DCCh
xor     eax, 8BEE265Dh
sub     eax, 0E47D8AD3h
add     eax, 0EAF22598h
add     eax, 59B4CED3h
xor     eax, 2778F794h
sub     eax, 0F5E13541h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DDB8EE54h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A7970CD2h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 877EB812h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A03D06CBh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 3D5A5F8Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 58113FA9h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 29BC4712h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 42BB642Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 24359800h
sub     eax, 0F2F2C91Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 14117ED2h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 170D5719h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 310C9F2Fh
xor     eax, 0B8185963h
xor     eax, 315F90A7h
xor     eax, 8D92CA5Eh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 33F33FD3h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0EF1F11C1h
add     eax, 0D11F5549h
add     eax, 407BB7CFh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 7F68014Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 404C1509h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 59FF2A31h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0F3ED8F26h
sub     eax, 0EEB6DE27h
xor     eax, 0B301A7DEh
xor     eax, 0EDBD55EFh
add     eax, 31FF8AAFh
xor     eax, 0EF736BCEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0B1C57146h
add     eax, 45F4CF9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8AADA3FBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 4D2BB8D8h
xor     eax, 65742012h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F891F8FEh
sub     eax, 444E9B00h
sub     eax, 0DAF22889h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 916F6952h
add     eax, 6EBB1449h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F5BB1241h
xor     eax, 40DEA0E5h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 7BAE7E55h
sub     eax, 5CAC62B5h
xor     eax, 0A7EE2243h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0AC3BC4A3h
sub     eax, 0C0F4DA07h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0BDA73B0Eh
xor     eax, 57F1C962h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8894BB7Bh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 69008BB7h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 619DAF09h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0FFA30714h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 600C6C44h
add     eax, 0C51A52E9h
add     eax, 6F4817A2h
not     eax
add     eax, 29F1670Eh
add     eax, 379E6D9Ch
xor     eax, 0A5DE72E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 60B6E1FCh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D370536Eh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0D862C3F3h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C326AFEDh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 5EAFA959h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0B60DA7C0h
xor     eax, 334E4357h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 4905FBC8h
add     eax, 0B3223BE1h
xor     eax, 0A47AD749h
xor     eax, 8AA7419Bh
add     eax, 942D408Ah
sub     eax, 4DDEBB84h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6F427841h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 752CE7BEh
sub     eax, 67A3C40Fh
xor     eax, 5B125557h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 42EC165Ch
sub     eax, 0F2352CDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 6C6FDD92h
add     eax, 3BBC52D9h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 0A27BD44Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0C84C93E4h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0D406F1CDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EFAA874Eh
add     eax, 0CE28F99Bh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0D5EAC723h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 628CE92Ch
add     eax, 654EAF0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E6E31FC6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E2ED7CBDh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C87709E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C7AED7E2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9FCE38F8h
add     eax, 9A6076FCh
xor     eax, 5C1E945Ah
add     eax, 5B9D6046h
add     eax, 0E3C6AB09h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E070A686h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7C7D1BEAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0E58FEFE1h
xor     eax, 0ABAD17CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D6B155Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 6D1DC818h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0DE3EF0C2h
add     eax, 98563CBCh
add     eax, 57F77453h
add     eax, 94917767h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 42AE6008h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6462F13Ah
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 7AD44328h
sub     eax, 35AFE0E5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7ADF32D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 25DD2027h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 4189245Eh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 97D8683Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 7FD22FCAh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0A5AB560Fh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 46DD224Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C5633F3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7910D912h
add     eax, 61401663h
xor     eax, 36412C45h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0A45592C1h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 9603974Eh
add     eax, 0BA301D81h
add     eax, 0B4E79D4Dh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C8A5FBE8h
xor     eax, 0A3B8DF23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 485CE0FCh
add     eax, 0BA8CAABAh
xor     eax, 0DAA1E4DDh
xor     eax, 982E0004h
add     eax, 994DD931h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9B82C9D0h
add     eax, 861D7392h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D9874DB1h
sub     eax, 4481A427h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7B164EEEh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 221A1169h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E54A2B17h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E4F7AFBBh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0C2C87F0Ah
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0B6B82AA7h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 884A5670h
sub     eax, 4CED3AB4h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 2484F2EFh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D4575170h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B685FB46h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 5888E9E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2855A572h
sub     eax, 0C319FBD9h
xor     eax, 8880AD41h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 96DEF870h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 55758637h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C4964152h
add     eax, 0F0306D19h
sub     eax, 7D3DB95Ah
add     eax, 2D06248Bh
add     eax, 978D1F5Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0A35BABF3h
sub     eax, 0AB7CEF3Ch
add     eax, 0CD1856FBh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ED671C06h
not     eax
sub     eax, 839EA56Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0B81671C1h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5604D6A7h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B01CBDC9h
add     eax, 7108CB06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 681DAD53h
xor     eax, 4A8D12EBh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 4B8C4D12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 9754F7CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 64D06E60h
sub     eax, 0BD9F8BDFh
sub     eax, 0D2EBBC30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C6FC60D4h
add     eax, 0D1F91E6Eh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4561EB69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 3F8FEF4Bh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 572FA31Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D164D6BAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7D559C76h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 97083D09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D5A28D23h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0F9155B3Dh
sub     eax, 0C4AC6164h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0BDEC8975h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 644DDFD5h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4796AF2Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C7B0AC97h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 71BC8C59h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 4B57C483h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FCC8A045h
not     eax
sub     eax, 91E483FCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A46904D2h
sub     eax, 87A40217h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FC0D2F71h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 15D31771h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 100460D9h
xor     eax, 0A576CAFDh
add     eax, 0DF700F98h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 4C562B3Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 5007DC90h
xor     eax, 0A79ECFD5h
xor     eax, 66E9EAEEh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 3293763Dh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 2E68E18Ah
xor     eax, 79112060h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 63D3907Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 8B89B941h
add     eax, 0A20DECCAh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 675D2185h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 6E7AC899h
add     eax, 0F91DE05Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 330DB566h
sub     eax, 18E9626Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DB644442h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0FD4C9CCEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A58843B8h
xor     eax, 0C0A44CE6h
add     eax, 6ECC2BE2h
add     eax, 502C8B2Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0AAC0B131h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 1ECAE91Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3EBC470Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2C799DFDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 326DF00Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 368CB92Ch
add     eax, 3DB76B82h
not     eax
add     eax, 8F536BFDh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 110B0DCFh
xor     eax, 8594B5B7h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0F88FE9F5h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 1A61496Fh
xor     eax, 90DC9E77h
add     eax, 4E2E11EDh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AE2BFC15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EAE0C510h
not     eax
xor     eax, 38DDC389h
xor     eax, 7DCB5CD4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EF26691Dh
add     eax, 0B3385616h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0CB7E61ADh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0E674DC9Ch
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 66C72530h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2774DDF3h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 62D94912h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6C47F283h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EBA4158Bh
sub     eax, 0A72C91DAh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 6E0D7972h
sub     eax, 46A289D5h
add     eax, 30482C0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 41FDD446h
add     eax, 4644600Fh
add     eax, 0B3C29E78h
add     eax, 0DC6592F3h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 7FF0B156h
not     eax
add     eax, 3CE015F3h
xor     eax, 0E9618D08h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5E55BE4Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0CAE19A73h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A519F163h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C362038Bh
sub     eax, 0DD870758h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E4AD59A9h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9A7ABCA3h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0FB47C891h
sub     eax, 488318A5h
xor     eax, 0AFE64F00h
add     eax, 144C6A28h
add     eax, 0AE4C0609h
sub     eax, 0C3A51AEBh
xor     eax, 5C642D8Eh
add     eax, 4A154D55h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0CF0638A8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9A7D5682h
sub     eax, 0BE14FE52h
sub     eax, 31FBE2D5h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0CF3E1652h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D241F72Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CA3978FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 62DB3FFAh
add     eax, 7B7CED53h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 70F9CED1h
add     eax, 0D3095A6Fh
add     eax, 0A4AA303Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0C48762DDh
sub     eax, 2BF894A4h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1A51C524h
sub     eax, 0B82C9B02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4896FC15h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 80ED412Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D018EB20h
sub     eax, 0C06230C6h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0AB056A9Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 55C26EC9h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DFEEEA61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5C9B832Ch
add     eax, 5B976570h
add     eax, 7F66B1CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 19F8BA9Eh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 85C9BB3Ah
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C343C7F0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B8C5B7A7h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0F60268ABh
add     eax, 9C51A376h
xor     eax, 9BCDAA2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BF6EEA7Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 88968405h
xor     eax, 0D8BB515Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 8C359878h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FB3BA658h
xor     eax, 8316F613h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 771DF675h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 498488EAh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 87A73D35h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 566F15C9h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0FDC6D56Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9168D149h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 1F16CC95h
sub     eax, 16D128D5h
xor     eax, 7589C2F0h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 62E2FE2Ch
sub     eax, 0CAF9EA5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 12020E76h
not     eax
xor     eax, 95537AFEh
xor     eax, 1B606154h
sub     eax, 0D451B8DAh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 10D2A6C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 2A7EB42Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 6E3EE58Ch
sub     eax, 0E3DE14C1h
xor     eax, 889B2567h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DC9C676Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 25028D46h
add     eax, 513B697Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 41C1973Fh
xor     eax, 0E9F4BC66h
xor     eax, 9937FAA0h
add     eax, 0BBAB9EB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 8FBBDD70h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C7FE26DDh
xor     eax, 7F843C63h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 887C10E1h
not     eax
add     eax, 2979B176h
add     eax, 0BFC90142h
xor     eax, 93FF63B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5823C8AEh
add     eax, 798B0D07h
sub     eax, 3C367A8Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B266978Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A74D0BFBh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0F2BEE417h
add     eax, 6DAD70DEh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0DD961670h
add     eax, 0CBD99221h
sub     eax, 4FCD01F5h
add     eax, 0AA9E5808h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 38B0EC81h
sub     eax, 91F6D054h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0C4DFB191h
not     eax
sub     eax, 21DE3C89h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 37105068h
add     eax, 74B2D4D9h
xor     eax, 0E7310FCAh
xor     eax, 56367DA8h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 592127E4h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D0428968h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 399D503Fh
xor     eax, 393BB71Dh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 264F8136h
add     eax, 0BCA30F07h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FA5EAD76h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 93FFC8C8h
add     eax, 0F2A3E65Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0BD220562h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B8337B3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 77F45260h
sub     eax, 0DA7F41DBh
xor     eax, 22ED2BB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 525117A7h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 339C8E87h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 6F900F5Dh
sub     eax, 0F1858FD2h
sub     eax, 47698226h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0CD4893CDh
sub     eax, 0C2FCF5EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 48067349h
add     eax, 77D9ACE6h
xor     eax, 56E3536Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0DFB35A53h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0C2AF2E9Eh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0ED597512h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 474BEE52h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 728DAF3Fh
add     eax, 0E6DDFAAFh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 86F43B06h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0ED49C1DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0EC834B40h
sub     eax, 11255E14h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0A0B87A65h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 20A76CB9h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 9C9CF661h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 6D990250h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A7CCC1A1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3762561Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 30C8746Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0D4669C88h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0CB9BF109h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CD96BDCCh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 52DA6303h
xor     eax, 17319023h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 75227B68h
xor     eax, 0CC843A35h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 438308B1h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 4CD48C27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 763EEEC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 27190A81h
add     eax, 481D7735h
add     eax, 0A9C1C459h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3C9356E4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2C9667C8h
add     eax, 5A61EC73h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0F529B1D9h
xor     eax, 63744A90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BD60AC7Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 36A03C07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 25723FC4h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 906B0A9Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0EF79685Eh
sub     eax, 1F0FDE64h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 526D01EAh
add     eax, 0F682E1F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1859938Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3EC77E1h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0B6D3973Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8FAE11DFh
sub     eax, 8788DFBFh
sub     eax, 49461050h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0FC6B34D8h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 149834A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 923F1EFEh
add     eax, 0ED539E5Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C5026044h
add     eax, 7BD10690h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C7CF2D44h
not     eax
xor     eax, 50F64B93h
not     eax
sub     eax, 66B17035h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0E2468ED0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0A896F375h
add     eax, 46AA7A77h
not     eax
sub     eax, 31945B66h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 5BD36638h
sub     eax, 0E3C09935h
xor     eax, 737BD6D3h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 626EC69Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 4FAABD44h
xor     eax, 9C44F6E4h
xor     eax, 19F44696h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7002A390h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A31CF49h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0EB281F81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AE828314h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 7E21DFC6h
add     eax, 0CA2CB0C5h
sub     eax, 0B63E063Fh
add     eax, 23B4B42Ch
add     eax, 8664FB63h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 6088A4B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2FEA5918h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 7FB8FF6Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D2D3574Ah
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0C2ED75A6h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AFB409A6h
sub     eax, 92113C31h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 8FBF8718h
xor     eax, 86246C7Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 9BD1E2F8h
sub     eax, 0F870FF78h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 7928E526h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0D64124A4h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0AF10249Fh
sub     eax, 91F21C14h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F7BFA5D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 9C7CF0A3h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 7585891Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7922442Ch
xor     eax, 6237BF72h
sub     eax, 4FD5FB71h
add     eax, 3F19A148h
xor     eax, 0C34FC1E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A6A3F8D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0F04953DCh
sub     eax, 21AA789Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 94A51C43h
add     eax, 0D9B8D425h
sub     eax, 0B9A5898Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 9CB39501h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 3413BBF9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2DF254ABh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0D3F9DB90h
sub     eax, 0F4F0193Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7461CAB7h
xor     eax, 209B47FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 12F38BBCh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0E2DDBCD7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EDE62C25h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 9B30C538h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0EA79D1C3h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0E06970BAh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 84D4138Ah
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B34B0A1Fh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0ACD72EC3h
add     eax, 0FA537491h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 31D7BD37h
xor     eax, 2E87649Fh
add     eax, 966C0524h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0D2C4C387h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 436A6318h
not     eax
add     eax, 160A7C36h
add     eax, 2981F535h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 9A822B16h
add     eax, 48E961B9h
xor     eax, 0DB3C2DFFh
sub     eax, 0DA91DAD1h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CFADE2B0h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 819396D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5B6EEF71h
sub     eax, 96DB4795h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0DD169D06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C31C513Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 401FA1F7h
add     eax, 5B7AFF4Bh
sub     eax, 5399CC94h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0F407082Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0B065C97Fh
add     eax, 0AA85A8BAh
sub     eax, 0B717AB32h
add     eax, 75642A6Ah
add     eax, 7D477B21h
xor     eax, 7002BB5Ch
xor     eax, 0AEC092C5h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0A88A19BAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BD1C3B2Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9B78A4C2h
add     eax, 0D2FEE1C4h
sub     eax, 4BAC8F8Dh
sub     eax, 65EA2ACEh
sub     eax, 547C4CADh
add     eax, 0C5072762h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 55DC7776h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C071D210h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3B89D37Dh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0E30D7B70h
sub     eax, 0D946AC9Fh
add     eax, 6A6879CFh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 18557D44h
add     eax, 0B9CBD525h
xor     eax, 0C9700011h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 8049C0B6h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 56F8B07Ah
sub     eax, 96861382h
add     eax, 0D182E51Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 60ABB6EFh
sub     eax, 75013A09h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 466271FBh
add     eax, 0A1D3340Eh
xor     eax, 40D6C6FFh
add     eax, 0EF601B59h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 38E4956Bh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 810D8BF0h
sub     eax, 5437888Dh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC4817CAh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EAE2AD1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 40B96D24h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 85F45127h
xor     eax, 0AF5CFC6Fh
sub     eax, 1BBF681Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B3862F86h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FE466EE8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8AFF5432h
add     eax, 77D16DFDh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0C46D1988h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F70DB669h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0DB893EDAh
add     eax, 4F272FCBh
add     eax, 0CD7EF910h
sub     eax, 2E88B71Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 4B600E6Ch
add     eax, 59417305h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9BE93EB4h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 152C0172h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E0D858FBh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0EFEC7E7Dh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 8F0CDA51h
sub     eax, 79B38BB0h
add     eax, 0DA1DFE79h
sub     eax, 62DF7670h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 1598F846h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0BF3FC3FFh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FC50959Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0F4728A85h
xor     eax, 3CE4D928h
xor     eax, 0BA5B15D9h
add     eax, 13AD7772h
add     eax, 28448839h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 4171CF02h
sub     eax, 0AF687141h
xor     eax, 0F802D281h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 231A8D31h
not     eax
sub     eax, 74BFB0E6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 51217D9Dh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F87C83B7h
xor     eax, 0EB7999B7h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0CF4615CCh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0D146C3A7h
xor     eax, 0A06AD03Eh
add     eax, 7E89852Dh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 4319C3ECh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 345B4239h
sub     eax, 8B79C369h
sub     eax, 182DE87Ah
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8AA16C51h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C75DEBEAh
sub     eax, 1046223Ch
xor     eax, 60C77E84h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 8C519B5Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BAB7B0ABh
add     eax, 691D6FD9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 64D96D2Ch
sub     eax, 6592A100h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 533A1E92h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0D158D7EDh
xor     eax, 1249DCBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E1455D5Bh
add     eax, 38CD0E15h
add     eax, 6EC80770h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 17DDB506h
xor     eax, 8E51BC99h
sub     eax, 0E0D2FE12h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CDB810AFh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DAFA42CFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0B3526E6Bh
sub     eax, 67014CFEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0E80C904Bh
sub     eax, 67EFB0C9h
add     eax, 23785784h
sub     eax, 84E3C56Ah
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0E2FF1C27h
add     eax, 0FF52B070h
sub     eax, 310821B7h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 9265C146h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 856565C1h
xor     eax, 2ADF646Fh
sub     eax, 33C1A41Bh
xor     eax, 2E8B8FA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F2ABD0E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 9A7BADFEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 12413DB8h
add     eax, 73EF69D0h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 87453CF8h
add     eax, 1B32A864h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 11AE8022h
not     eax
add     eax, 1D5E944Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0E5605911h
xor     eax, 82941246h
sub     eax, 6F15AD82h
add     eax, 693A046Bh
add     eax, 0F31BD0E8h
add     eax, 0A3DC9D82h
sub     eax, 0EBB23D91h
add     eax, 11EAB49Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BCD3337Dh
add     eax, 59C36B60h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 17572F3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0E68AE7AAh
sub     eax, 4BDAFA7Eh
xor     eax, 0C8235B40h
xor     eax, 730D4B68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FC2D38CDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F7B0C9D0h
add     eax, 73B3FEACh
xor     eax, 6030F497h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0DB7092A3h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 7EA9C287h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8B58F5DDh
add     eax, 0E005EA50h
sub     eax, 708C26F7h
sub     eax, 8E8E39D9h
sub     eax, 0AC5EAF5Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 7D3A874Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0B8C7C1BFh
xor     eax, 7C0C132Ch
add     eax, 0BAD7BA5Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CE47358Ch
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 18372CC8h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6F8ED53Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 136FE962h
sub     eax, 6CEA6A6Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 2968214Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0DC86C23Fh
xor     eax, 10F50D0Dh
add     eax, 8FC9D81Eh
add     eax, 3A37C0A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 261B0AD1h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DD8E383Ch
xor     eax, 0A38961F4h
xor     eax, 79951227h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 80F73F73h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0A1019AEDh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 3337A678h
sub     eax, 84DA1794h
sub     eax, 0A0F1D184h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B08FD486h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 9A74070Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 68AAD428h
add     eax, 4CE1CDD9h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0A3086C4Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F47AA307h
sub     eax, 73895E57h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 97069C39h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0B6F4DFC5h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 57A37F0Dh
xor     eax, 8CBEE9B1h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0EA0D7260h
xor     eax, 64385DBBh
add     eax, 5C930AC7h
xor     eax, 0F2683A89h
add     eax, 9F4AA19Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DCE0616Ah
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0FBA99942h
sub     eax, 4750FF1Ah
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0A0906315h
xor     eax, 6F9F8003h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 6FCD7265h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A2CAB387h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4D137562h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 89C8EAA7h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0DEC743D3h
xor     eax, 2A6929C0h
xor     eax, 92432E04h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D1F1F033h
sub     eax, 0CE6057B9h
add     eax, 752256FFh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0FC4D71F7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 11F7307Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 40BE12ADh
sub     eax, 0D0AE2520h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B3917EB2h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 49E2EAF5h
xor     eax, 7D478E19h
add     eax, 0BAAEC5BEh
xor     eax, 46002F3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1462C08Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 66943289h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 619EC767h
sub     eax, 4AD23DA6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D57D98D0h
xor     eax, 9C5DCE19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EE7AE156h
sub     eax, 897D541Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0AB1DD6A9h
sub     eax, 0AA903662h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0F22DDC58h
sub     eax, 17800F01h
sub     eax, 0C2ED1364h
add     eax, 23AF3136h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0EBC24683h
add     eax, 0DE4C7AE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 98C204E6h
xor     eax, 0BFA245B3h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 342830E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A4E706D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B9AA9249h
sub     eax, 0F5AE2652h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 6B5AFEC8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DF941BADh
sub     eax, 0AD964EB4h
add     eax, 5CCC9C51h
sub     eax, 11183D95h
xor     eax, 42528CAEh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0CA3E8345h
sub     eax, 7A2E76CEh
xor     eax, 18B418D0h
sub     eax, 0FA105DE3h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 222970A7h
sub     eax, 69644D75h
sub     eax, 5D0F964Dh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 13DC7FBBh
xor     eax, 58A55DB8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A9CE301Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D3E174E9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 2C59EE44h
add     eax, 4516C1D3h
add     eax, 0E7CF8912h
xor     eax, 0E8D41D90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 22518A23h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 20C36F2Dh
sub     eax, 677EACE1h
xor     eax, 57CED2BAh
add     eax, 0BE605374h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B8A0A655h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 32239228h
sub     eax, 0E5224364h
sub     eax, 0C89DF7BBh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2FA0DD20h
add     eax, 7E39CE6Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 95597592h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 306D1CA2h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F27392AEh
add     eax, 927E3F58h
add     eax, 3EF12A9Fh
sub     eax, 0BB7479AEh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9383B25Ah
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E38E5CC4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 24802576h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 5F5F9FF2h
xor     eax, 803747E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8EF681D8h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8D3CF683h
xor     eax, 82994291h
sub     eax, 5C5C4417h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 907CFD38h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 98D675BBh
add     eax, 0F8C91907h
sub     eax, 2CBDB00Dh
xor     eax, 26BACF9Ch
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0C864A67Eh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 3B6D32F7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 245010F0h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A914E9E9h
sub     eax, 49903B6Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0A8AED072h
xor     eax, 1125B2D0h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0DA48F7F7h
sub     eax, 0D192B67Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C7D6A17Fh
sub     eax, 0D6508AC6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D3D68D36h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B6B6A93Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 165536D3h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 8B2E9831h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3FB3AB0Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 99D448A9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 224D720Bh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F8FC3F46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E682A2A2h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B0BD7299h
xor     eax, 0A1857C54h
not     eax
sub     eax, 247A0975h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 78A6B7DFh
sub     eax, 4AD9159Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 38178229h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 4BD1FE9Ah
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 16E3A7F1h
xor     eax, 0F7399895h
sub     eax, 2A0F54EBh
xor     eax, 98ABB7EBh
xor     eax, 7C8B72E7h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EC6C3254h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F7C3BDA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 64A130B8h
not     eax
add     eax, 7A0192A3h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A548C9C6h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4FCE7189h
not     eax
xor     eax, 47568AAEh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B510C464h
add     eax, 0F95CA2A3h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 62A47F1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7C97B5A5h
add     eax, 3FCA629Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A79867BEh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0D06ED814h
sub     eax, 7989AA9Ch
xor     eax, 1811C45Ah
sub     eax, 5F0D7360h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0BF5C2DB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 715EC6FDh
xor     eax, 32DBC2BCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 55A6A2BCh
add     eax, 75BE7A2Ch
sub     eax, 85E419DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0D7BBCE2Fh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 25205699h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 9F6003B9h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 58358847h
sub     eax, 33756130h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0D665998Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 9534572Ah
sub     eax, 42B3C426h
sub     eax, 0AF4D7A49h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 4A5229C6h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0F751E4AEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 12ED8FB0h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 4B4F424Ah
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 84EBB308h
xor     eax, 63C9FAB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0D196EC66h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0F12E42DFh
add     eax, 39DDD6A5h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 69A29A7Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EAB2ACC9h
sub     eax, 0CCA40F99h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0CA1C4F79h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 81F8C7E3h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 8070C6D5h
sub     eax, 8616E6E7h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 78A0937Ch
add     eax, 4EDD6E6Dh
add     eax, 0C50D5D57h
xor     eax, 6F28E27Ah
xor     eax, 0E13CD65Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 45EE2293h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DBA7EDD4h
sub     eax, 440B79F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5C931CF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0EA606A74h
add     eax, 52D60E0Ch
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FF8E2292h
xor     eax, 1852F0C1h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 841C6028h
add     eax, 8A2C2FDEh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0B26DDC76h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0F29EEE83h
add     eax, 91BBDBF1h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 722D3E08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 42F449D7h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 0B115D1EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DAA3830Ah
add     eax, 0F1F10158h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0CEB6E28Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0ED5F3916h
xor     eax, 0C7822440h
xor     eax, 7B984DBEh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0C2F25845h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 61EE4C84h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D3973EF8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EC48AEF7h
xor     eax, 433F8442h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AB137A21h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 595DE3B9h
xor     eax, 0CADB0F78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 41DC9F19h
sub     eax, 8D82A5FCh
add     eax, 350F3873h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D4EE184Dh
sub     eax, 32ADD728h
sub     eax, 0E132164Bh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0E8D4C89Bh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 179F043Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0A6201211h
xor     eax, 179932F0h
add     eax, 0C19A7DFEh
add     eax, 38F3383Dh
add     eax, 0C2C70D78h
sub     eax, 351001EAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 164C2F6Eh
add     eax, 9E1BE6F3h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 686F8F7Fh
add     eax, 0C2CFAC05h
sub     eax, 0ADCEA10Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 3221447Bh
xor     eax, 0D12FCCDAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EABFD1AAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F94A970Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 5717A245h
sub     eax, 7DE94CF5h
add     eax, 9C762B25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EBC9414Dh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 9FBA0872h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 7C07DB90h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2909BF48h
add     eax, 22F90FD9h
sub     eax, 0CDCF1B26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 76449465h
sub     eax, 2A28ABE2h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 84FF7AA6h
add     eax, 0BF9B5F00h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 2D5485A6h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0B90CE4D9h
add     eax, 1B9EEFC2h
add     eax, 0EBF54E79h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A4F072BFh
sub     eax, 9A2E5893h
xor     eax, 5AD05941h
xor     eax, 0A00FE3F6h
xor     eax, 0E986FD49h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 71661C6Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 60B94550h
sub     eax, 7DFD218Dh
sub     eax, 0ABD05814h
sub     eax, 0A2BD7C47h
sub     eax, 29CCAD7Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D25CDA76h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 5A1DD361h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 645FB372h
add     eax, 7C095C48h
not     eax
add     eax, 454593AEh
sub     eax, 8242ADDDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B9D2A2B9h
add     eax, 0A9B70401h
sub     eax, 34374E65h
sub     eax, 70943CC2h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0D1A9456Ch
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 7390208Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F673A599h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 17C7853Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0C5213ED2h
add     eax, 6147DD97h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 4F575FCBh
sub     eax, 9F0BF20Dh
sub     eax, 3297D5B7h
xor     eax, 3474956Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3C3BA6FCh
add     eax, 72B57B53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ADFAAAD9h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 3720024Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 8938CDB3h
sub     eax, 94E05FACh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6228A241h
sub     eax, 0AB5F3D25h
xor     eax, 5BFA0C26h
xor     eax, 26D7C817h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0DAB673F0h
not     eax
add     eax, 6B070179h
xor     eax, 90F93F0Bh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A058E89Bh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 7D061583h
add     eax, 0EE7E0558h
not     eax
sub     eax, 53095CE5h
add     eax, 4BE6B987h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0FFE5B167h
add     eax, 0B0B59BEBh
xor     eax, 34EB99E9h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0CCDC6776h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0A67471DFh
sub     eax, 0F07FBF65h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 9BEC2737h
add     eax, 0AFF75019h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0A4678DBDh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0CCE41FB5h
xor     eax, 23AD7F4Dh
sub     eax, 0BCF0F16Dh
xor     eax, 161A1914h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AE4C9F88h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 662A34E7h
sub     eax, 0F4E12F97h
add     eax, 5D0661D7h
xor     eax, 689DC3B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6D231611h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 46036076h
sub     eax, 7987FC1Ah
xor     eax, 542212E9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 46770526h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 944F6CE1h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 488976F0h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 931F9602h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9C35235Ah
sub     eax, 25B04A01h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 89FAEC5Dh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 3175434Ah
xor     eax, 0F0970F92h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 3BCC9A02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8DAFDD53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8F734AAFh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 4B26B3E0h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 679CE933h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 772051E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 5986E134h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5E1059D0h
add     eax, 379B7243h
sub     eax, 5A9E08C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0FB828D6Bh
sub     eax, 0A67AF113h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0D8544C02h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 96E5C792h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 5FA5E7A9h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0E010280Fh
sub     eax, 5323C1F8h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 53B1FC48h
add     eax, 0F9CBA14Eh
sub     eax, 0EDF4E0B8h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F0614916h
sub     eax, 3F3CDFB6h
add     eax, 5392D436h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 1E71191Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 4750AB3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C8038AC1h
add     eax, 6BE4842Ah
xor     eax, 368A0B10h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0C3F7A7D1h
sub     eax, 87C7C6A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8C28E800h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 6524BB08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 138D263Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C452AA3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AC831A37h
add     eax, 0A0F9C0D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DC1930D8h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FD527B64h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 66574ECBh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 1A6E7CD9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AA2611DFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BCE1BB07h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8B9DA8C8h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 54E0DEF4h
add     eax, 8C471845h
not     eax
sub     eax, 928BD786h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5B32378Bh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 673D33ADh
xor     eax, 1CD4D357h
add     eax, 0CE19BACEh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0FCAAB0DEh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0FFF5102Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 506E8A32h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0BA2B1B32h
add     eax, 289D5699h
not     eax
sub     eax, 90C05C1Dh
add     eax, 6FBA2E1Eh
add     eax, 0B16D4630h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0DFC84439h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0AB410B75h
sub     eax, 9D3345C4h
xor     eax, 82C7FE91h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 81DF7D7Ah
add     eax, 98C42BEDh
add     eax, 2500AFA6h
sub     eax, 0C3689692h
add     eax, 632CCDC0h
add     eax, 32669F26h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0ACB87BD3h
sub     eax, 0ED489490h
xor     eax, 91BCD64Ch
add     eax, 0F85CF509h
not     eax
add     eax, 35A79955h
add     eax, 0B7F6943Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CCA1C20Ah
add     eax, 0F5A1607Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 28C9820Dh
sub     eax, 2E2A3C2Eh
sub     eax, 0EA2AB347h
xor     eax, 0D0764CCAh
sub     eax, 636A7090h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CDD8B865h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 991F1703h
sub     eax, 5D474519h
xor     eax, 0B9BA820Eh
add     eax, 7378AD5Eh
xor     eax, 0F0845ED8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B0B4FA13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2C3A3AC5h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 623674D3h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 55231901h
add     eax, 3E319425h
sub     eax, 0C5F806B8h
add     eax, 0BC926DE3h
sub     eax, 254608DEh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 561F3AB9h
xor     eax, 9E549A0Ch
add     eax, 6C52EFF5h
sub     eax, 0CD166C5Fh
sub     eax, 0D64F0D69h
add     eax, 0EF100CE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 81761048h
add     eax, 0DD394F11h
add     eax, 19EEB706h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 80A8A4DBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CBC4B2B1h
sub     eax, 0BCEAB123h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C02AE175h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0E88D87D7h
xor     eax, 4A9F9956h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 6E95559Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 895F1047h
sub     eax, 0DC40CC94h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0A2B686DCh
xor     eax, 0BE564E17h
add     eax, 0D99F2B14h
sub     eax, 4CDE75DDh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 4CCBB005h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 51F1276Dh
xor     eax, 7998ADA4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 3A59C509h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 194392F1h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0FD83497Bh
sub     eax, 727A0113h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DDC507EEh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0FD71B774h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 8F2A961Bh
xor     eax, 1189F8D7h
sub     eax, 8AC4BFD1h
sub     eax, 46FDB8C8h
xor     eax, 8990EFF1h
sub     eax, 0C803896Fh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0A51B4404h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C0438C6Eh
sub     eax, 0BBAB05B0h
add     eax, 662C72FAh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 5F666D31h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D15B4FD5h
xor     eax, 7E05426Dh
sub     eax, 0B08CAEC8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A7167C61h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 82C264F7h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E2CB1803h
xor     eax, 0F20D3024h
sub     eax, 55675DB5h
sub     eax, 28F16326h
sub     eax, 6D7E0DC8h
sub     eax, 571D56B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B598AA92h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0A9DC78A7h
xor     eax, 40B96FBDh
sub     eax, 0BE63BFDCh
xor     eax, 0B5D42652h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0ED40AAF7h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 25B24C12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4C5DF9B4h
sub     eax, 860671BDh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0B9ADB0CCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 80371F62h
sub     eax, 0CB8EFDCDh
add     eax, 61BCCDE0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CE9D52B6h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 8A6AE398h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0A4BA5B4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5AB65C8Dh
add     eax, 5EFC702Eh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 54784635h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0E2930705h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CAACC1F5h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 2992229Fh
sub     eax, 0EAB7B636h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 562B18D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 766D9B07h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 11B305B8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0FBEFF696h
add     eax, 0EB479E99h
add     eax, 9FFA0594h
add     eax, 8D3A8453h
xor     eax, 91E1DAA1h
xor     eax, 99B8E48Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0D2CFD6B7h
xor     eax, 42EC5AE4h
add     eax, 29759B08h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0B07FF686h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0DDFE13B8h
add     eax, 2FAF5C3Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3E42325Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9438299Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 10453822h
add     eax, 0B3C123F6h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 974FFC6Ch
add     eax, 16C46966h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 9048E8C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DDC1B6FDh
xor     eax, 2AF52BAFh
add     eax, 6A04926Eh
sub     eax, 19BBAC93h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6B8C6A0Fh
xor     eax, 3503F01Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 42C796AFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0DE23E691h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 2EAE9837h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 6AFFDBB5h
add     eax, 28A40107h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 8CB16B75h
xor     eax, 46F3E990h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ACB71399h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 62289342h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 2B34D136h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A1023E82h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 50F6F07Dh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0E7769100h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 2743CEF2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0AEFF49EEh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4E557B52h
xor     eax, 0F2A03D93h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0E22D5E8Dh
sub     eax, 79DBB170h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6AA6D1CDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0D2A0BCAEh
add     eax, 6F810C61h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E1C9EEBDh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0E671B31Fh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 58227CCBh
xor     eax, 0E945E095h
not     eax
sub     eax, 66CAF6F1h
xor     eax, 78209344h
add     eax, 2F1E6EEFh
sub     eax, 832C337Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DD146A3Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CAA48A39h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 49B2E3CEh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0EDA5D104h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AD5A2C7Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 747426A8h
add     eax, 34328AD1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0AA68E373h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C6C2BCD0h
xor     eax, 0CC595E3Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 8C250391h
sub     eax, 852FD73Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 73C9D7A1h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 45176871h
sub     eax, 3F17842Fh
add     eax, 0DDA02F21h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0B487BE22h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 54BAA13Fh
sub     eax, 7871D12Ah
sub     eax, 828A87DBh
xor     eax, 4F41EC3Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AA51FE1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 934C01D2h
add     eax, 0CF8B3374h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 4041062Ah
sub     eax, 0E45B644Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 7B6FB879h
sub     eax, 0F389EFE8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A4AA3948h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 216BD086h
xor     eax, 7F20FCECh
add     eax, 0B803A9D1h
xor     eax, 46AD6CB1h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A81B9C8Bh
xor     eax, 5904FB6Dh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 26A3CF8Dh
sub     eax, 445523A7h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 4A13DEDFh
add     eax, 4F4567B1h
sub     eax, 42DCAA66h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 5835E295h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 280E57BDh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 6885D37Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 404D1066h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 68707549h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0BAA9ED38h
add     eax, 0EC54073Fh
sub     eax, 0F7BE3CB0h
add     eax, 64FD7B04h
sub     eax, 0E211B46Bh
xor     eax, 5E16B554h
sub     eax, 0D9092C13h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0FDFAD133h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 33E49BE8h
xor     eax, 370CD6CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FD90B0C8h
xor     eax, 44C6BA16h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D7A86C0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0F464D739h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 206CE521h
xor     eax, 0EF1EDCE8h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7FEBF9CAh
add     eax, 51EBED78h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 15302D1Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3FE9FDE9h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0A5D52503h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 30771F10h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 28B73019h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 95A0F30Ch
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5DD283AFh
sub     eax, 9F2E3991h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 11608281h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 76D86508h
not     eax
sub     eax, 64B8B52Ch
sub     eax, 220E7C71h
add     eax, 1D6B9F9Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 243F59FAh
xor     eax, 4A7A10CDh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 768F88ACh
add     eax, 0E2E0D53Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 988E12C2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0F55008F1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 36CEE9B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BAD7EDC7h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 7C355FF8h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0CCBD8C76h
sub     eax, 0AABB6837h
xor     eax, 1FD44EE2h
xor     eax, 108AE9DFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9F3D4524h
xor     eax, 35FFE8BEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E5F02DFCh
sub     eax, 0CB89E285h
add     eax, 7B763AF1h
xor     eax, 0FD9304AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D41B9FACh
xor     eax, 4929EA3Ah
xor     eax, 8FA9832Fh
sub     eax, 0A855779Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D37FBBCDh
sub     eax, 6BE3DAFEh
xor     eax, 0A3E9B141h
add     eax, 6C0989BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0ADAF09C9h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0F80551B9h
add     eax, 4E00B6B7h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E2DAA07Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 6DD8573Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BE7C9891h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0B16AAFCEh
sub     eax, 957A6C59h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0F7CE3B28h
add     eax, 558CBF78h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2437B17Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 75474770h
sub     eax, 2B7CFD35h
add     eax, 5B26B472h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A00FBD4Ch
sub     eax, 0B4436179h
xor     eax, 0AC90F024h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4E4C65D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 57FF5975h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 35BBED2Ah
add     eax, 26E48416h
add     eax, 930F2ADFh
sub     eax, 1AAB0086h
sub     eax, 9319E93Bh
sub     eax, 0E3BEC691h
xor     eax, 16B37821h
sub     eax, 0FA1E0DFCh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 0A9FBEBE1h
sub     eax, 80E9DB21h
add     eax, 0BB4F9A41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E3896677h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 4AF5B591h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 72A4E06Fh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0B717296Fh
add     eax, 36D40C5Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 11773AC8h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0BDC92045h
not     eax
sub     eax, 125B1133h
not     eax
add     eax, 29CA7CE2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 44ADBF44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 275C4694h
not     eax
add     eax, 3AB8321Ah
sub     eax, 0E3F14906h
not     eax
add     eax, 5E00C3B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EAB19B57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 94D90134h
xor     eax, 0F2534590h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0DC676B35h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 42889D83h
sub     eax, 0F1E031B0h
xor     eax, 0CEBB6816h
xor     eax, 92CC774Bh
xor     eax, 0CBE74095h
sub     eax, 23B7ACD1h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0DE479C58h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7C7E5EEAh
sub     eax, 2B3214EAh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F2231EA3h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0DCF3C40Eh
sub     eax, 69DD1AD0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3ED62438h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 83D72947h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 3D49EA77h
xor     eax, 6CDC17B3h
sub     eax, 0B9A9EABDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B312C5E3h
xor     eax, 97045C1Fh
sub     eax, 0BF8873BCh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EC940D80h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0D6381FEEh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 2B397C46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0C546FEFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7C8B69B7h
xor     eax, 0C4858195h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 3BEA8C72h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0F31F012Fh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 13E587EEh
sub     eax, 9072ED4Ah
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0C3E6FE22h
not     eax
sub     eax, 743F5DA4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7808CDEFh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 89EF9D3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 62A5E6D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4F4F07DFh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 5AE2A9ACh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 637CC409h
add     eax, 3B0A1A66h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0C525F374h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B8AAD1ACh
add     eax, 0ED4A0D8Ch
add     eax, 96FC932Ah
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 26EF35F3h
sub     eax, 45490A85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ECF309C2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 993D691Eh
sub     eax, 0F7ABC02Fh
sub     eax, 39DDA8FDh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0EC22D54Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0F5D040E9h
add     eax, 0DA3C1252h
xor     eax, 74EC032Eh
sub     eax, 6FE0EC69h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 520D315Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7375B31Bh
sub     eax, 2A18814Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AEB42F52h
add     eax, 0B30E7657h
xor     eax, 77D79885h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 9E7C0032h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4F5D3BD1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 58CBD239h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 2C0F3DB5h
sub     eax, 0D8D91577h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 458DE17Ah
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D7943757h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 8C991522h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D6889F70h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 2DCE85AEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0C44366AEh
add     eax, 0F40593CDh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0A3CAB712h
sub     eax, 0CC852719h
xor     eax, 0F3080FBCh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 56FFFBEFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C176E3B6h
xor     eax, 40716E70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 375EB53Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0A81DC43Ch
sub     eax, 0C158B8DBh
xor     eax, 433B3D0Ch
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 661F42B3h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 12191F46h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 87BA23A2h
add     eax, 0F06A11F3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0D42A0BDFh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 8C8D9FC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B7AD6A7Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0FA3A9055h
sub     eax, 7DAB4469h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 29A48C8Fh
sub     eax, 71BC9746h
add     eax, 1D41DBB1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BF933077h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0D66049BEh
add     eax, 0C360FE37h
xor     eax, 0D78A033Ch
add     eax, 856216CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 882490B6h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 75975A36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5CB00BCEh
add     eax, 51E72931h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2F0BD626h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FC93304Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 47FE9B43h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0CFB0BA30h
sub     eax, 243BB735h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5E9868ABh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 381C2153h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 36467FB0h
sub     eax, 0AEA09C8Ch
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 89FA17C9h
xor     eax, 0F81422C4h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0E5CDA512h
add     eax, 0B81C253Ch
sub     eax, 4327D3EBh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0B51A4271h
sub     eax, 30F5C0ACh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0D7E64D1Ch
add     eax, 83523E0Ch
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 7AAC24AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 1137D3C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5919DBA6h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7A50B8FCh
add     eax, 82134606h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 967FC8C5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DCB295ACh
add     eax, 2FC82CC3h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 95B96B0Dh
sub     eax, 0E63BFAC1h
xor     eax, 0A137158Ch
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 25C686DCh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 8EC7F25Ah
add     eax, 822DD0DDh
sub     eax, 0A5857B0Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0E132B8EBh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0EA00FA58h
add     eax, 1ADD4305h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 235889EAh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 62F46CB1h
xor     eax, 9B2AE722h
xor     eax, 24A0416Ah
sub     eax, 0BE878482h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BAEEA31Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0ED00E9A5h
sub     eax, 0ACE8A15Eh
xor     eax, 8B750F0Fh
xor     eax, 6EB71DBFh
not     eax
add     eax, 12C6A44Ch
sub     eax, 0FA4E5558h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0C99A60F9h
sub     eax, 22E2EC9Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0BE1BFE31h
not     eax
add     eax, 56B1FF85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1203D48Bh
xor     eax, 0E7B68B6Fh
sub     eax, 992696D5h
xor     eax, 0C3F60602h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0E27721DBh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0FA0BF82Bh
xor     eax, 572EC63Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5AB1D1CDh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 4AFB8E83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0B5DC6C96h
add     eax, 0E2D5234Ch
add     eax, 0A2C7CA63h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 34A990D3h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0BA469A91h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6AD916EFh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0F623320Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 9C16D755h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 8F391D69h
xor     eax, 0CAB20D51h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 2B48EAD1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 339D76B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7788F08Ch
add     eax, 0BED1C19Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 76479DA4h
xor     eax, 4C652FC0h
sub     eax, 0C6BD374Ch
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D75FEB05h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BCDAF546h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6DBF4D3Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0FEA5DF1Bh
sub     eax, 8DA52BFBh
xor     eax, 0CEF846C9h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3891C1A4h
xor     eax, 0A208B632h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 3E29D863h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BBFC95F9h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9B65F781h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3B20E3B1h
sub     eax, 0FE5C43C7h
add     eax, 31C23D53h
sub     eax, 1BF5089Fh
add     eax, 0C1BEF220h
not     eax
xor     eax, 87D38025h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 282DF358h
sub     eax, 0B5321AAAh
sub     eax, 9F5D549Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1CF18365h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 6FC4D129h
not     eax
xor     eax, 32DE78B3h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 6D85CC58h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CA2CF618h
add     eax, 0A0170524h
xor     eax, 0B21CACCAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2ECC83E6h
xor     eax, 1C6A5E34h
not     eax
add     eax, 4D77030Bh
sub     eax, 577B6F0Fh
sub     eax, 20309544h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EE48E3D7h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 56D1DB2Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5F49DA8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9CFFE5C2h
xor     eax, 8569199Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 98058AB9h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 44F23E30h
sub     eax, 23960C4Fh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 0BDE3C319h
not     eax
add     eax, 54329FC8h
xor     eax, 3082D3AAh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0FEA97158h
xor     eax, 93DA2208h
add     eax, 80212367h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 21AF58F5h
sub     eax, 0ACA07D0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 24F0FD4Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 21E4A70Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 90F57638h
add     eax, 297E797Fh
sub     eax, 0FC5A0284h
sub     eax, 0E7D5DF3Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 272EF81Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 7ED0FA0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6BAD252Ch
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0F85CA2C9h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0E475C3B5h
add     eax, 21C1EDBDh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 48BB40ACh
sub     eax, 99819C2Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E43EBAC8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 301311EFh
xor     eax, 0BD5A92C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CBA6B9F8h
xor     eax, 6C30D40Ah
add     eax, 9A55F79Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1D6BC8C5h
xor     eax, 8F92AAA4h
sub     eax, 7F93D147h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0A13AC84Dh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 491651F4h
xor     eax, 393C5853h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A2877DB0h
xor     eax, 0C5FEBA6Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 79885E59h
sub     eax, 0F3A5C1E1h
add     eax, 0F02E9A33h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2D97C905h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0C403916Ah
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 7E3A5126h
xor     eax, 1A51A37Fh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 19C183A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BB259D6Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4F867DD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 3552FDF0h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 3FD9D582h
add     eax, 439A1D4Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2029A9B5h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B8BBF5EAh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 4A67B802h
xor     eax, 60D0420Ah
xor     eax, 0DF5096CCh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 53FD24A9h
add     eax, 7D78EE3Eh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 4BF4E8F7h
add     eax, 0E5344A5Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 1C9BF01Ah
xor     eax, 79823D47h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 8A9A67D9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BB9D5CA9h
add     eax, 51C3A8A5h
xor     eax, 958327ABh
xor     eax, 0E090AA32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 11FA07D8h
xor     eax, 40B33E7Ah
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BF61D531h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0B11636FEh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A1516E24h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 32E46A10h
add     eax, 0F91E7805h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0E374901Eh
add     eax, 5EA1C00Ch
sub     eax, 18D66131h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 75EF9D99h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E414BAC8h
add     eax, 0F55CC019h
add     eax, 5D6D1FFAh
add     eax, 0F100C0D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 34CB895Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 25000CB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7C7AF859h
xor     eax, 0A3B81344h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0F431D8A2h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 6878B99Ch
add     eax, 577C1000h
sub     eax, 8EB46A5Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BAB2DE14h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0C5F8040Bh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0A89175F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 7E1D65A3h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C061A53Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0B8E1685Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C10A9062h
add     eax, 0BA200110h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9180793Ch
add     eax, 0B186D870h
not     eax
xor     eax, 32CDD46Eh
xor     eax, 419636F4h
xor     eax, 0BC58F9CDh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 79F8C4FBh
sub     eax, 37EDEEFDh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6952FF85h
xor     eax, 0BAA4BFA7h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7EDE5F51h
sub     eax, 2D592EAFh
xor     eax, 43BC6063h
sub     eax, 44B6957Dh
xor     eax, 8509EE82h
sub     eax, 2672081Fh
add     eax, 0BF5E1370h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 48F08EF5h
sub     eax, 8762DEACh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0C2B4BCACh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E2285922h
sub     eax, 2C333781h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 3C9AB6CFh
sub     eax, 0D5B36BDFh
xor     eax, 0E974C111h
add     eax, 0CBCCB976h
add     eax, 0DCBDF883h
add     eax, 0A09F1ABDh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5F9D8872h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6D1CC0D8h
sub     eax, 6DF6D525h
xor     eax, 0E0A21BC6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 7517C1ABh
sub     eax, 121D6629h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F597B4DDh
sub     eax, 18735767h
xor     eax, 0C5DC334Bh
xor     eax, 0E31B61AFh
sub     eax, 0E76676A1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B2144DF9h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0AAD7EDC7h
add     eax, 52044328h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 78A0A8E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FA4B3627h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 5CD7E250h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0CF287266h
sub     eax, 1910C7EDh
xor     eax, 66B964B2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 419B3421h
not     eax
add     eax, 517E316Ah
add     eax, 65060742h
add     eax, 6F44DE17h
xor     eax, 9203E911h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0AB4287EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0FE3C84EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 6C832C87h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6BA9DBF7h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 2B2BEBBFh
xor     eax, 0BCD66133h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 389E6B77h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FDDB3D04h
sub     eax, 90CF79FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 689E507Dh
xor     eax, 584F17DFh
sub     eax, 0A62CFA8Fh
xor     eax, 0F4DB9257h
add     eax, 4569CE7Dh
sub     eax, 35643A4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1241C9AEh
sub     eax, 337DFA63h
xor     eax, 7E180F0Ah
sub     eax, 0FD05C749h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 266CF174h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0C58D0B23h
sub     eax, 3C9ED4ACh
xor     eax, 0A8F53551h
xor     eax, 4A2D7D69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EC3D5B84h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0AC2E1D08h
add     eax, 6D0CA940h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0F665F87Fh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0A1858D37h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BDEEBDC2h
sub     eax, 4C2B3B52h
sub     eax, 137B148Bh
xor     eax, 0DF565067h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 4F836D78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 706F60E7h
sub     eax, 0A2D982EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 3523F630h
add     eax, 5C920F11h
xor     eax, 26E22B95h
add     eax, 102AA3DFh
sub     eax, 0A8256701h
add     eax, 0EE65816Dh
sub     eax, 0EC53A61Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9BA790A1h
sub     eax, 8A430D6Eh
add     eax, 4CC79877h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FE475259h
sub     eax, 0C8248D32h
xor     eax, 501F50F8h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B0C3FAFAh
xor     eax, 17FED8EDh
sub     eax, 31A61DE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 770C76ABh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2CF66774h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B844529Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 22C0E4F2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0E525E4EBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BBDF634Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7CD80B88h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 42887C97h
xor     eax, 0FB259F22h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 5C8865ECh
xor     eax, 0C9D0EFDCh
sub     eax, 4CB75913h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C6E1AD85h
sub     eax, 66632290h
add     eax, 5565E339h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 54723BF5h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0CA8996E2h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0D64F64F3h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BD3333CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E55BFEECh
not     eax
sub     eax, 39F6CBFEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0D786F1CFh
add     eax, 0ED64B166h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E373967Ah
sub     eax, 20F6251Eh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 219AB1BBh
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 7ABEBB85h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0D479FA6Eh
sub     eax, 38AEDCD2h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 92F8280Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 1652D2F5h
add     eax, 0EDBB61A5h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 6C503251h
xor     eax, 4B712595h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0FD576D39h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C14A6FCCh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3312CFCEh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E77D4278h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 48BCBE6Dh
xor     eax, 1BE4A021h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 52209098h
xor     eax, 0AB2356DCh
not     eax
add     eax, 9B1C1C50h
add     eax, 132B102Ch
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 48927183h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4215E2C7h
xor     eax, 814D5B55h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 4EC6AB1Ch
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 9CCB01DBh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0E6421F7Ch
sub     eax, 170B1644h
add     eax, 0E59AFDDCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B3D8AB31h
xor     eax, 0EE2FA24Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 44167D0Dh
xor     eax, 0A58C5F04h
add     eax, 3BB1FC45h
xor     eax, 0D719F11Fh
sub     eax, 19E1839Fh
sub     eax, 14737982h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0E8A8E789h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0CF84BBB1h
sub     eax, 2B86D7AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 9D130BD7h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0D6434ADFh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A6B1D090h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DC34636Dh
xor     eax, 0C5BABEFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 8E163D47h
add     eax, 6739EFD0h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 807F2166h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 865081F8h
sub     eax, 6E0AC42Fh
xor     eax, 0B035BFA1h
add     eax, 92C98310h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 300FEB0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6D09E6EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5E550EDAh
add     eax, 0AC6D612Ah
sub     eax, 7046D385h
add     eax, 7C789145h
xor     eax, 654F9B67h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 91EF9AB7h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0AD5E3E6Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0FCEADDC9h
xor     eax, 0B488ADF3h
add     eax, 9FE8D90Dh
xor     eax, 0C13598BFh
add     eax, 945AE15Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 247AFE6Fh
sub     eax, 354F8158h
sub     eax, 8CB875C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E959F28h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B1DA5B16h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 78480AEDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A9E61050h
add     eax, 3EE2626Ah
sub     eax, 82C15064h
xor     eax, 3CCA34BFh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 59FC17BDh
add     eax, 8FD49084h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D1092BDDh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 91573F6Ah
sub     eax, 0BF1ABD8Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 87F6C867h
xor     eax, 0ADF56731h
sub     eax, 0E5D97BF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B897E6AFh
sub     eax, 19C7C8B0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 9561998Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FDCD198Dh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8C8D0FACh
add     eax, 1B256E44h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C2A171DBh
xor     eax, 0FB017FACh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 45876C15h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0F7E72460h
add     eax, 0B7A1B695h
xor     eax, 5D6F2194h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F0C51618h
add     eax, 2D250549h
add     eax, 8C2B9DB0h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 98551448h
xor     eax, 0D1151D98h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0F487BF7Dh
xor     eax, 46614B02h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A130E8C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C494C05Ah
xor     eax, 482CD74Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 2D19C440h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 14FA960Ah
add     eax, 129C13EDh
xor     eax, 0F22413C8h
xor     eax, 2A4219D5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0F778A056h
xor     eax, 1853F5BDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EDA845D4h
xor     eax, 0C4828D36h
add     eax, 330E532Dh
xor     eax, 0FE0405D1h
sub     eax, 8A3AD672h
add     eax, 704555FFh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 1B32BF34h
xor     eax, 0A6E33D94h
xor     eax, 51005CD4h
xor     eax, 6EED4525h
sub     eax, 0E4082D1Fh
sub     eax, 0AEB04B58h
xor     eax, 0F76F1E26h
xor     eax, 19F62D46h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0E0268ECFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 89987EB3h
sub     eax, 62FB8E7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1545557Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0F16383BDh
sub     eax, 0B3B30DE5h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0EFB082EBh
sub     eax, 5A9A85A4h
xor     eax, 0E056DA59h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CB628AEAh
sub     eax, 70FD46C1h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 3191EE91h
add     eax, 0CE237952h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 22F49417h
sub     eax, 0CBD10179h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 46641C3Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9DD309E6h
sub     eax, 0CF6B5A39h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BD0984DAh
add     eax, 8C976546h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0EB28CCA4h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2659BA43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DCD48651h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 66933FB3h
sub     eax, 2E33F8E5h
sub     eax, 1FE93439h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 329ACF3Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C76CFFE6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0E40DAD30h
xor     eax, 183E9912h
sub     eax, 7D47A4E4h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0BC02E541h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 96CF3A05h
xor     eax, 0BE8867EAh
not     eax
add     eax, 737C6974h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 4B9A19ECh
add     eax, 0B809FF3Bh
xor     eax, 3AB8FB7Fh
add     eax, 3D829E76h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0FA9C1A1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F6862445h
sub     eax, 268F161Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FAD7EB97h
add     eax, 0E4C7897Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7533AD71h
sub     eax, 0FD2C68E4h
sub     eax, 6C02BB4Bh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D288E617h
xor     eax, 0A9B220D5h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 158C5028h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 3F713123h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3FD9676Bh
sub     eax, 7C81E3EAh
xor     eax, 988A6EBEh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 879E9EFDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 592C13FCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 426766CFh
add     eax, 1850396Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 3D8AB6A3h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E1666540h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 64D098FFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 828BFE92h
sub     eax, 0FF574A7Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 78DB50D1h
add     eax, 7D93972Bh
xor     eax, 3DBE7284h
add     eax, 320B8712h
add     eax, 7FA8F41Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 42234937h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 514ED4BBh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 38E6BA32h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0A81BE5B3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 61586C44h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0CCC6AEC3h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 616574D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 4131E2CAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4DEA9D26h
not     eax
add     eax, 2D2AF7A7h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 3106A563h
add     eax, 479C26EDh
sub     eax, 0EA6CA3ECh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 6157A2C8h
xor     eax, 9E26707Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 752F506Bh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0F9C6F45Ch
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 471F0A6Fh
xor     eax, 0ED86206Ah
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0DB2F47A7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 1A281CB9h
xor     eax, 1E38E29Eh
sub     eax, 0BF6C83FBh
not     eax
add     eax, 773F5DC8h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 28607F52h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 59CFAC97h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 6732B8F7h
xor     eax, 83A161FCh
add     eax, 56C122E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A8B54176h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 691073F8h
sub     eax, 0DC646CE2h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 63CC4738h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0CBA6E967h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8391960Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0EB26F019h
xor     eax, 308FC509h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 2E6916B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7D5D849Ch
add     eax, 4A5BA61Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 6351C87Ah
xor     eax, 0B6396BC4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CA118C33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 32407D96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7EEF33A1h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 6F1581E8h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 3AFE728Fh
xor     eax, 0F95B31B7h
xor     eax, 7E16B36Ah
xor     eax, 4551B59Eh
sub     eax, 88E2C183h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 58EBA16Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FE47F2A0h
sub     eax, 7871112Eh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 140B702Eh
xor     eax, 87B75FF9h
add     eax, 0E38A1FCFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1C0E05D1h
sub     eax, 0BAC1DB29h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0B51013D8h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CD4811AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4A4F1FD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FEB289E2h
xor     eax, 509187F0h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 55E59578h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 623357E7h
xor     eax, 0EF5A9FE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FAA90B25h
xor     eax, 0C53F69BCh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0E4B5DD98h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0DD7D4980h
add     eax, 92365E32h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0C0A591D7h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C25DB518h
sub     eax, 3775F211h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 2F5B06C7h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E66C185Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 9042F136h
xor     eax, 0FFD40E67h
add     eax, 79463BBBh
sub     eax, 6E961943h
sub     eax, 0F53C2453h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6F1F05E1h
add     eax, 0B5E8F10Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 6438FBBFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0C323F8B1h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F8008C56h
xor     eax, 0E1BD1B82h
sub     eax, 5DA4F36Eh
xor     eax, 63D95669h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0CDE3F4D8h
sub     eax, 3E2F33EAh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 3C41DE42h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0E1209A44h
xor     eax, 0D4F23C54h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0B9937264h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E53E18CCh
xor     eax, 1A87E903h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 653501C4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5C563B95h
xor     eax, 90BCAFF0h
xor     eax, 4B9344E5h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0FB3FABD6h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0EB6192E0h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 47707F58h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1FD37246h
sub     eax, 3223B865h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 1648FCFAh
xor     eax, 7A8D0F61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B914F295h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BB785C85h
xor     eax, 0B62F28D3h
xor     eax, 2A8FD061h
xor     eax, 1DC6DF61h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 2D3F3B7Fh
sub     eax, 0E61D9A91h
not     eax
add     eax, 18B0479Ah
add     eax, 303E1A53h
add     eax, 0F074B935h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 762E0105h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 58E56B9Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 20E17EB3h
sub     eax, 0F228F509h
not     eax
add     eax, 8A631408h
xor     eax, 844EF4C7h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0B061CDD0h
sub     eax, 0E3EB8DE2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0B0AF681Ch
sub     eax, 4A8F2CC8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BE670C4Eh
sub     eax, 7E5CE97Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B3F2FC81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0E7E1E14Ah
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3AB1F027h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 7B63E72Ah
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0FC7109C5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EBA69948h
xor     eax, 3EED2CACh
sub     eax, 0B7F42735h
add     eax, 82815883h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0E5B82710h
add     eax, 0A51C9949h
add     eax, 93C5EBD6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 15F74C58h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 3420E5B9h
add     eax, 97FBFB9Ch
add     eax, 8E21F49Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 95CFEA4Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DD568361h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0E34B6BF2h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 85A72D04h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E7599CC5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F2845244h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DB86458Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 40BD62ADh
sub     eax, 0EAC87871h
add     eax, 0CBE7CE69h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5FFF3274h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A9F55A34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 55730667h
add     eax, 0C3A206EEh
xor     eax, 0D98C7512h
add     eax, 96095302h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 9064BE8Fh
sub     eax, 4FE83A74h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 273ED298h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 93D96358h
xor     eax, 0C19236EEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 9966FBE0h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 16B1345Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 36B3C6F2h
add     eax, 0F80236B0h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 2EB61820h
sub     eax, 741EC091h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0C0BAF9CCh
add     eax, 9BD6323Ah
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E7D394B6h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0E8C8E8CFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5238639Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 4514B742h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 97C4F8ACh
add     eax, 94A110DBh
xor     eax, 40883D8Bh
sub     eax, 313D3149h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2FD736E8h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CF145174h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C9537CB2h
sub     eax, 0E0E02EE8h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 94F831D5h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 2DAF5381h
add     eax, 6DCFE542h
xor     eax, 4F4CF3A3h
not     eax
add     eax, 5E2211AFh
sub     eax, 2604CABDh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 72484AEDh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0C0241936h
xor     eax, 23ED174Ah
xor     eax, 42F13835h
xor     eax, 6DF2A83Bh
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0CAE60BDDh
sub     eax, 3816BD2Bh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 6BE667C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CC2C5AC9h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0F29D0934h
xor     eax, 0EE725A44h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 2077C49Ah
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0F38FAD00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 7A7B806Dh
sub     eax, 83B42DA3h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 1FD39D90h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 5A7E995Dh
xor     eax, 7BB8BDA1h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 8D484B45h
add     eax, 665E77B8h
sub     eax, 0F2DFD3C7h
sub     eax, 0A3277BF9h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0CFD04097h
add     eax, 0BBD6E340h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9627B487h
add     eax, 69DC141Dh
sub     eax, 0EBA92BA7h
sub     eax, 4D2143C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB5F7FE4h
xor     eax, 76B4A59Bh
add     eax, 2BC82E78h
xor     eax, 7EFEB22Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 770FEDCAh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0F0FFD185h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 38D5F7F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6C81A737h
add     eax, 2002FC01h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A6003BB8h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 85CA0D9Ch
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 6069E85Ah
add     eax, 0DC1D84D5h
not     eax
add     eax, 85CD29E7h
sub     eax, 0BE40D428h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C32126CDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 96BD554Bh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0C0034B61h
sub     eax, 0A7C7C115h
sub     eax, 19EB8A00h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 87E12FECh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0F8E99076h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 34C86065h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4EB75EA5h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 6EF63FFAh
add     eax, 12A53042h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 88C45F4Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 82DD06BBh
sub     eax, 0AD682358h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B4CB7449h
xor     eax, 265765C6h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 6FB08DEDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0CED96911h
add     eax, 4A7C7167h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0BBB162DFh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 492AC1B6h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 2B314484h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9BD78CEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FBACE698h
xor     eax, 57962858h
sub     eax, 5F175616h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 7D6FB9F2h
xor     eax, 6E756C62h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DD5BB6DDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0F17709C2h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0EC402B3Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4D1AC3F3h
add     eax, 88E36069h
xor     eax, 71E02856h
sub     eax, 7578391Fh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BCDF004Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0A055CA0Eh
sub     eax, 543BF626h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CD80357Dh
sub     eax, 43A29C19h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 57A87CEAh
sub     eax, 49FFE9FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 76BAA0A5h
sub     eax, 532FCBD8h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0B58E7AE2h
sub     eax, 5B410F39h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ADA66073h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0AD3330F1h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F8CC7BDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 3831E678h
add     eax, 64E9E8E5h
sub     eax, 9ACDCA97h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 6118D674h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 933B312Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A853984Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 2D1119D4h
xor     eax, 0D22C27A8h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 8AFFA1C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 93FE13F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FC89C227h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 3FDC50FAh
add     eax, 83A60912h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A84C4D13h
sub     eax, 86850282h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 250C9E8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 823843BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F5290C4Ah
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 565B2A63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ACB6584Dh
sub     eax, 1B4A6D6Bh
sub     eax, 0FBA72B79h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 8EBAADA3h
sub     eax, 2F29FF80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8C530DA5h
sub     eax, 6BE922C5h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 88D0F136h
xor     eax, 76ECA009h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 345AC423h
add     eax, 4B57C4E1h
add     eax, 0F6DE6F50h
sub     eax, 9CC3D455h
xor     eax, 90D8167Ch
xor     eax, 2BCF4D19h
xor     eax, 15FFC44Ah
xor     eax, 3F7C3D0Eh
xor     eax, 524C28A9h
xor     eax, 23519235h
sub     eax, 36541FABh
xor     eax, 0B536D1E9h
xor     eax, 0E81AC199h
sub     eax, 4ECC4015h
add     eax, 300C50D1h
sub     eax, 1EFFDCCFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7D67E885h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0AA70DB4Ah
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 3CD286ACh
xor     eax, 0C261E76Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0CABFEB12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 679106ADh
not     eax
add     eax, 3EB44C87h
add     eax, 390B590Ch
add     eax, 3B9E1580h
xor     eax, 0AA95AF07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F941CF7Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 59B31008h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 327D201Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 59C9F970h
sub     eax, 0DF822400h
sub     eax, 7F6B7EB7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0ACF13D59h
sub     eax, 2DBDDEC0h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0DEC31080h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BEA1F841h
xor     eax, 0F1FF6D8Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 872027B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 17FE5F0Ch
xor     eax, 7E13CAC8h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 5CDCC144h
sub     eax, 659899A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 29DDFC7Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 7E24F258h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E5B69010h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3D32FF2h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0F32384BEh
add     eax, 0E932C686h
xor     eax, 43CACBB5h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 27876527h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0D8900CFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 67F688E8h
sub     eax, 46D915F8h
sub     eax, 2B03B2B9h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E239B671h
sub     eax, 0DF16150Fh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0F09C68D6h
xor     eax, 279D11B4h
xor     eax, 777EBB21h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0C1067E86h
xor     eax, 0E31B3324h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 9F58625Ch
add     eax, 19643D2Eh
xor     eax, 0F2195B27h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0C3666BD7h
xor     eax, 0A606C04Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0FA845CC3h
xor     eax, 264DBF77h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0E4905771h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 22314318h
add     eax, 0F3C5EAD4h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B9555582h
sub     eax, 578D6A7Eh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0F85826F7h
sub     eax, 9D25A9F4h
add     eax, 0EBDA3E1Ah
sub     eax, 8FBB3F56h
add     eax, 4ECA8B9Fh
add     eax, 9AE1E8CAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0BC988872h
sub     eax, 7EEAF724h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 32A2BD0Bh
add     eax, 10DE8C9Dh
add     eax, 1F115FD5h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8C3EEC76h
sub     eax, 53C933A0h
sub     eax, 783E5770h
add     eax, 33FC8685h
xor     eax, 1693D6CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0D0D5E648h
add     eax, 71179BE1h
xor     eax, 7F996A54h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C57BD071h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0DD773BC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B0E6DBAFh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B0E18C83h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 21A3B7E7h
sub     eax, 0BC09951Eh
add     eax, 0F57A7EC9h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0FBDFBAC2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 90524F0Eh
add     eax, 0D6975461h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0D1A641A7h
add     eax, 2689676Fh
xor     eax, 0B1FC3FE9h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 2D6C5BF8h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BB89C930h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0BD18AF5Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0C16358D9h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 8D263BDBh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0F473040Dh
sub     eax, 3EA142EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0E0C877C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4F12ECA0h
add     eax, 69CA592Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 30E37A0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 5D944D61h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0F12FAADEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CC9F0604h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E55ABE10h
xor     eax, 0EC2C1496h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0E7084533h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0BE29B69Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0D854A6E8h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 5B30E268h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 96ED74EAh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A6A4ABDDh
xor     eax, 0F3954D57h
sub     eax, 0AC29B32Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 73A33637h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 651457D6h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0CDCC107Fh
sub     eax, 46375251h
xor     eax, 4D090B9Eh
sub     eax, 7CDA7700h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 4CFDA9BBh
sub     eax, 943EA05Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 966CC26Fh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 5F68B636h
add     eax, 0E0912F2Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 9ABA94DFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AC771C7Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 0C129F58Dh
add     eax, 0C2A7F31Dh
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B4FC71FEh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0E4165F88h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0F65DAD67h
add     eax, 94780C2Ch
xor     eax, 17184819h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 39F2896Eh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7641B499h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 40279C8Ch
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2F757517h
xor     eax, 0E056CBA6h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 71588E07h
sub     eax, 29E117FAh
add     eax, 0DD4BF24Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 69902883h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0F425AE48h
sub     eax, 0C5DF87CEh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BE1BE0C7h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 94384D40h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0C3AC398Fh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0E5028B2Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 7B943C2Ch
add     eax, 69EFDB10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B2BD3D78h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4E8319B7h
add     eax, 28FB258Bh
sub     eax, 0BB7AB421h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 359761D3h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0D5E90284h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 62020D1Ah
sub     eax, 0F20E65E1h
xor     eax, 1CEE9CD1h
xor     eax, 3E74CC5Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 152946ECh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1CBD1818h
add     eax, 9EB186A6h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0A3FAF9E5h
xor     eax, 409B9A00h
sub     eax, 0F9FC8995h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0DD11D1B4h
add     eax, 6D339C05h
xor     eax, 0F01EFEF3h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 86DF4AD8h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0DE7CF219h
sub     eax, 6C696B9Bh
add     eax, 8BD2BBDAh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0DB0E9073h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EF8343CDh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 5723408Ah
add     eax, 0A5FFB5C6h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E3423576h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 46C6754Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 35BF9FFCh
sub     eax, 5DF72529h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0CB6BAC4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D424CCADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0D8416C66h
add     eax, 52B35DF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 469C8C4Eh
xor     eax, 1DF9BC67h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 78C536C5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9DF047BEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 3698B799h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0A35006CFh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 5E076BDEh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B3037844h
sub     eax, 35A5B9BEh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0D3B8179Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3BA78931h
not     eax
xor     eax, 800C859Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 41897CE8h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 669BC882h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 4E0BA311h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 1AD65DC1h
add     eax, 432C553Fh
xor     eax, 12A22C63h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0E2791D31h
add     eax, 2BFAFA73h
sub     eax, 4A885B64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 75044F14h
add     eax, 1E17E1A9h
sub     eax, 448AA2F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C68382D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 34D5AB8Eh
sub     eax, 79754587h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7C3118C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8E14B221h
sub     eax, 0D3F7E02Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 39B37ECEh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FBBC6E25h
add     eax, 4B1E7E5Ch
sub     eax, 406883EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A2CBDB30h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 45986B3Dh
add     eax, 951CC1DFh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 3A0716D1h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A4856426h
add     eax, 0BB2409F2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 23344804h
xor     eax, 0F5B7F457h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 82EE9ECEh
sub     eax, 5C4A155Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4797AD19h
xor     eax, 3CDC8148h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF0DE3A2h
add     eax, 0EC81E488h
sub     eax, 33C882B3h
add     eax, 0F31CBF07h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 26B18F57h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD24243Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ED715DB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D066CB2Eh
xor     eax, 77F96056h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0F44849B7h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 8A947762h
xor     eax, 6406CF92h
xor     eax, 0C61C4785h
sub     eax, 7EF72C0Bh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 31418704h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 538CDB77h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 585DC0C8h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 600A7F1Ah
sub     eax, 0A302CE2Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 4E96F0AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 8EFB1630h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 866CD5B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 51CE803Ah
xor     eax, 0FBD5BD87h
add     eax, 0A481FBA3h
xor     eax, 7FA3758Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 6A0A5112h
xor     eax, 2C6569A5h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 9DCF3E50h
sub     eax, 0E962F8B3h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 2DE5D14Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 2E466BA7h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 73095318h
add     eax, 0B6BE6D76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 48130368h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 69462BE1h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0CF219089h
sub     eax, 75D95A37h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 27ADE765h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0CCF35A18h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0A650161Ah
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0CC46502Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5C4F4C54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 399AEF05h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 547AA89Ch
xor     eax, 5570536Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C649987Dh
add     eax, 776879F3h
xor     eax, 407E50A8h
add     eax, 0C2DA6F0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 77A67511h
not     eax
add     eax, 88126EC0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0E018D35Fh
add     eax, 6E1F5F75h
sub     eax, 2C2B916Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 87E2E1F0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 8B6D1F21h
sub     eax, 81628D38h
xor     eax, 0A42AB393h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DC39A2D3h
xor     eax, 0E77C0966h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CF5F08B3h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0DACDF273h
sub     eax, 0D6628CD3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0C0316EA8h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 6399A667h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 37A42058h
sub     eax, 91368DA6h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0C86A136Bh
add     eax, 15A426D8h
add     eax, 0F6566C7Fh
sub     eax, 9C227274h
sub     eax, 7BBBFA98h
add     eax, 0CF4CECEAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 9742B4C6h
xor     eax, 0F33E1A8Fh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DB4D3E2Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3B74D13Dh
sub     eax, 0CB1DDCC0h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 9F0921E3h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 6ECD971Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D1D58631h
xor     eax, 554133D3h
xor     eax, 0C1F53ECFh
sub     eax, 59CF02F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4DACC755h
sub     eax, 0B24A3D49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 6F0BDA37h
xor     eax, 97E824B2h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 2EE5C1F7h
add     eax, 554098CDh
sub     eax, 106EB6B4h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 6EEC7F38h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A0FABECDh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0F6AAF03Dh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 86B3F6F9h
add     eax, 888E6FE9h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0F24EE52Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 64996666h
add     eax, 5C4F13E4h
sub     eax, 374849B8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0F86731A7h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 1A6E5165h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4D11D666h
xor     eax, 396A6529h
xor     eax, 11B091C7h
xor     eax, 6BD8A129h
sub     eax, 3A3DA482h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 3DB4DE2Ah
sub     eax, 687ABB39h
xor     eax, 96C3F3BAh
sub     eax, 29E00FA2h
add     eax, 0B8BFF814h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 45119770h
xor     eax, 7F57E5B8h
sub     eax, 92C3B7F7h
add     eax, 0FFBBACB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0FED9383Ah
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A020D35Ah
sub     eax, 201A678Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 55BBD133h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EE16E6A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 1BFC803Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D38B7DD4h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CDE1D66Eh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 946AF441h
sub     eax, 2D5683B4h
add     eax, 0C5E7E52Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1FCF3277h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FD2EA379h
xor     eax, 0CDE5CEE0h
xor     eax, 0AEA47835h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 49D297A8h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 8A2C9219h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0F913CF83h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 21D9D777h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CF37B063h
add     eax, 2B71D3C6h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1ED0C73Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 9814FD9Dh
xor     eax, 59DB8B76h
xor     eax, 8107525Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1036601Fh
sub     eax, 0C961C941h
sub     eax, 50DD7628h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 566D592Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7F072F62h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 63CE5BDEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AE4C3A34h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A2D0BA8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0BB7F96FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0ED86FF61h
sub     eax, 781EE4A2h
add     eax, 931FB708h
add     eax, 17CE06AFh
sub     eax, 0EEBF70E5h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 42EDA85Ah
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D2B7D1Eh
sub     eax, 298CC349h
sub     eax, 0A13BFF35h
not     eax
add     eax, 46D5E893h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0A42D5A6Bh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 646E0013h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E2A7FE5Bh
xor     eax, 688A87DAh
add     eax, 0F9950BE3h
sub     eax, 76D92FDBh
xor     eax, 5CFB2852h
xor     eax, 8339C42Eh
xor     eax, 7670BD84h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3285E567h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0EEF666A2h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 84624339h
add     eax, 0EA5B1F20h
add     eax, 0FF0EC578h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D67BD02Dh
add     eax, 28A0AD01h
add     eax, 9FF89435h
add     eax, 0E0E2E78Fh
sub     eax, 9B1D9F62h
add     eax, 4DCB997Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0B1AB56DBh
xor     eax, 0C23169C8h
xor     eax, 0C49611B7h
xor     eax, 2BC0BABBh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 92E90CF8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0F2A6B2E0h
sub     eax, 0EF2071BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 513CECC0h
not     eax
add     eax, 63558BE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F2CF97DFh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0BF6330B0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 97505296h
add     eax, 3298E69Bh
sub     eax, 0C298EF49h
sub     eax, 0C39580FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F1637004h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F04B3B8Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 7450D568h
add     eax, 0D2595202h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0E9F49913h
add     eax, 0B0C7743Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 5BF93D38h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 2F88AAEBh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7FBFF3D2h
add     eax, 0AFF4E02Bh
xor     eax, 81B476F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8A3F32F1h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A0FE9D0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7E07EF9Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 2E8E628Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 4543C85Fh
sub     eax, 0C0BB336Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 32C7A476h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5247ED12h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 1B495BCDh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 392EB2BDh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 9588352Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 4BC5FC3Dh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 22ADADF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 3547D0EAh
sub     eax, 0B039C5CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5ECA96A2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B5225EA5h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 9C404F95h
xor     eax, 14A6FF30h
add     eax, 8D7EF0DBh
xor     eax, 75B4B52Fh
xor     eax, 0E4648282h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5C2D145Ah
add     eax, 8F8F776Bh
sub     eax, 2E3674E4h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5FA03436h
xor     eax, 0F0605E09h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5B40D535h
add     eax, 3783A2BBh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C9C530BEh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0A1291BF6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 62449252h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C7B073D6h
add     eax, 37B93038h
xor     eax, 98584E89h
sub     eax, 4BDB209Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 666DC70Ch
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0B68F6333h
add     eax, 0E5EF8EF8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 5A581733h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B5478F3Ah
sub     eax, 58683B6Dh
sub     eax, 8BE97B5Dh
add     eax, 42A8E789h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C856066h
xor     eax, 69875AAEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2C1601D6h
add     eax, 7DC8EE21h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 122A8132h
add     eax, 1B62BDB9h
add     eax, 0F9AB4F69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C76CF62Ah
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 2FFED07Eh
add     eax, 3322798Eh
add     eax, 0ED0C9199h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 581EDFC9h
add     eax, 4FC2F510h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 5278BDCAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F215BFF4h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 0AF309C98h
sub     eax, 6E984D1Eh
sub     eax, 8C18F02Ah
xor     eax, 0AA1386A2h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0F5301588h
xor     eax, 2DC36AC2h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 6C3B8CBBh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 2C2BFE4Eh
sub     eax, 60E31252h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0B608430Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ED735B54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 64D7A10Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 29E62816h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0A28C62E8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 90EE71E9h
xor     eax, 0AE9AA9A5h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 3683D171h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4DEFD103h
add     eax, 0B9512C80h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 495EB8AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0A8ACE7F0h
sub     eax, 4E140415h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2402F48Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B7B57BB0h
sub     eax, 0D18BC5CCh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0DF14E050h
add     eax, 0DE6BE7C5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CC50FDD4h
xor     eax, 103B8EBBh
sub     eax, 960D6E06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EE12848Dh
xor     eax, 9B124391h
sub     eax, 54F3CA6Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 77CF7B22h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 601EFEABh
sub     eax, 0A261C773h
sub     eax, 67E550CDh
not     eax
add     eax, 4708A440h
sub     eax, 6771321Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D80CE4A5h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AEB41E19h
sub     eax, 0A29388DEh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 931EA15Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0E5B41458h
sub     eax, 0F4AACC6Bh
add     eax, 184C5C64h
xor     eax, 20D2BED4h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 9CC16114h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0D214420Dh
add     eax, 0A14B56C8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 420F1240h
xor     eax, 3D90AE21h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 102B1A26h
sub     eax, 0BF3D9AD0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FA0ED8B6h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 5B92F239h
sub     eax, 7129D124h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2B68FA14h
sub     eax, 0DDFBE3C7h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4B603205h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 4D0CB7CEh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 2F519B03h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0AF659695h
sub     eax, 0FE82631Ch
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0DC793F46h
xor     eax, 230ADBF1h
add     eax, 38588ED2h
xor     eax, 3C5509A8h
sub     eax, 461DFDA6h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E7A1B172h
sub     eax, 0BCCCDC3Dh
add     eax, 1EE00844h
xor     eax, 0A04C54D3h
add     eax, 7EC05F0Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0E2A08FEDh
add     eax, 7CC90B16h
sub     eax, 0B2A6049Ch
add     eax, 0F24DE2D1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A614D28Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 5F28C056h
not     eax
add     eax, 62A4BDDBh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A78CC306h
sub     eax, 7AD56D1Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 67A06019h
add     eax, 9F8FD7FAh
xor     eax, 0D90B27A1h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 8DDFE965h
sub     eax, 0BB2D356Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0D33BF36Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 3BA6ABABh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C7D6733Fh
xor     eax, 1A6CDA6Ah
add     eax, 9B4008CFh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B54843FAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 4239657Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DCCA83A6h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 86458FEDh
xor     eax, 91C154FCh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0ABFFEAABh
sub     eax, 92B76B71h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 76D9D945h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 92BE05FEh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0C2C42482h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0B31D15A9h
add     eax, 53BEFECCh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F56EEFE7h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0F9C1C67Ah
xor     eax, 0A9C4BE57h
add     eax, 5D2CD37Dh
sub     eax, 9B30DAC8h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 57B5EE9Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 9BE1D9F3h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0E47AC1CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E0173C3Ch
add     eax, 0E4D93026h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4E75B31Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0C7D599FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DBD7AC54h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 98D6CCA7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D0133DEFh
xor     eax, 0E4AA4B36h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 4B06BD4Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8BDD3990h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B1FDF9D7h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0B6B287F1h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0D5B7479Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EFB1AE9Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 8996F1B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CADC040Ah
sub     eax, 0F5AFC00Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7995D2BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0A4CC6ADCh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 7C6E3F4Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 7C2518ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E3ECB0DBh
add     eax, 0AE3878E7h
sub     eax, 0D0FBE15Bh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 333EDB3Eh
xor     eax, 0F72AA248h
sub     eax, 8D760BB6h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F36B71D0h
sub     eax, 0B98C02A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E9996391h
not     eax
sub     eax, 134F5952h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7F30D014h
add     eax, 93FE6DA3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 9E8D48B9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 76A5DEFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BA62E899h
add     eax, 3F982B42h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 7942E66Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FE1C1042h
xor     eax, 3101570Dh
xor     eax, 0F2D64901h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 69B15952h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3521B59Bh
sub     eax, 0E6C1FCFEh
xor     eax, 2D42D49Ch
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 81F16E50h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0A501A505h
xor     eax, 0F47762DAh
sub     eax, 5BDB988Fh
sub     eax, 66959C66h
sub     eax, 8E13D79Fh
sub     eax, 319B04D0h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A70D1166h
xor     eax, 0CB1108E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 20F3C1B1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0E019B175h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0E7DDC8D7h
xor     eax, 4AF49D28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 8F183927h
xor     eax, 601EC363h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 9F6D07FBh
xor     eax, 2FD03C72h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 47327D42h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0F0234D0Dh
xor     eax, 7E488F92h
add     eax, 0C2A88C4Ah
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 8E75E056h
sub     eax, 0F535E04Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6B58740Eh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0AA7C2837h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C4FE00E0h
sub     eax, 88B40052h
xor     eax, 0AEA39372h
add     eax, 0BB93BBD0h
sub     eax, 51051DCEh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0AC2747F0h
xor     eax, 8758A97Eh
sub     eax, 1BC8FC17h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0A65A9EA5h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 3BDF0A21h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E80B59A5h
xor     eax, 9DDD2F1Eh
xor     eax, 78F2F355h
add     eax, 211A59B6h
sub     eax, 0CFDF5879h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0CB00FF90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 509ACF6Eh
xor     eax, 0C8ECE498h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 6FAE7F65h
add     eax, 0E01BE2F7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 294F02D1h
sub     eax, 64089375h
add     eax, 90F6738Fh
xor     eax, 0F96C2139h
add     eax, 0EE535D8Fh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 1D0941C1h
add     eax, 0AC633D1Eh
sub     eax, 180BE168h
sub     eax, 0CB2636D7h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0EE420BCAh
sub     eax, 30F5FF65h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 2CCA3F0Eh
xor     eax, 79EFD288h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 8A88ED40h
xor     eax, 425EE179h
add     eax, 9D60CE8Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CE470D39h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6FC3C43Eh
xor     eax, 0DC2834C8h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 939138C6h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 76833F52h
add     eax, 3993C2ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7FE40A89h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 6B66D09Ah
add     eax, 0C6267CD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 30DCC652h
xor     eax, 60AF1589h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 82E39D74h
not     eax
add     eax, 5A1E737Ah
sub     eax, 762C4F48h
not     eax
add     eax, 53619271h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 93D907BDh
sub     eax, 8785EB31h
sub     eax, 1FC0CEFAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 1D1ADF47h
xor     eax, 0D8293830h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4873897Bh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 89EDA4EEh
xor     eax, 0DB976C36h
add     eax, 5B9BDF4Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3AE2FEE1h
xor     eax, 0D5639BCCh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0FDFE117Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6D766957h
add     eax, 5A097D6Dh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0D24863F4h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0F834C900h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 4E0CA2A6h
sub     eax, 7DE5B2C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BF5C1515h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 1B05F6BEh
sub     eax, 51235FF0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 7545C988h
add     eax, 68E736D4h
xor     eax, 0C4E843E0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DF46FC1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0A2CC6FF5h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 2A91B89Dh
xor     eax, 4A5EBB5Fh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 53B1D69Dh
sub     eax, 0FC0601B7h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0D47996C8h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 9C17E3D9h
sub     eax, 3032824Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8C529C7Eh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0E6FDA03Dh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 78C761CAh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 8B243AC1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D35633DAh
not     eax
add     eax, 8B452937h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 4B69C512h
xor     eax, 0BE24CD6Ah
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AA574827h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AA3E9EB4h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 6F81CAC2h
not     eax
add     eax, 1A370120h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C7629BCBh
sub     eax, 0BCF967DBh
xor     eax, 2B9AC8B8h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 39BBD750h
sub     eax, 0CB05D17Eh
add     eax, 7BDAADE9h
xor     eax, 621E1382h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 517B63C8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 28D0DB7Dh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 912A6831h
not     eax
add     eax, 4931D50Eh
sub     eax, 0FB3B6F8Dh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 3EE190B9h
sub     eax, 0BBF7E2CEh
xor     eax, 68DA5C2Ch
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0B8C862A5h
add     eax, 0E614DD4Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0A7EBDA18h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 10BA9E84h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 903499A7h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0F3DDC0DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BDB40560h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A0D38A3Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F3A59FE1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E6F2F9D1h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0FC2EE3B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 9936F3CEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD9844FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF7F900Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E4DA524h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 46E237CCh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 8F8A69ECh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 98387B42h
add     eax, 110B7B0Ah
add     eax, 0A30FF02Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E22DCDAFh
not     eax
add     eax, 0EEF13CF2h
add     eax, 0AB92ECDCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CD56B5E2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D394C04Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BE41EF46h
xor     eax, 0EDBCE949h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 9E68F0DDh
xor     eax, 8AF1B7A7h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 58D01A01h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 91800C06h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0A846521Ah
add     eax, 0E9C61508h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0D04934F8h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0A500CE10h
xor     eax, 0FFD9F36Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0CEB4F60Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 662445CAh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0ACBE01CDh
add     eax, 5623E76Bh
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 53235190h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 9D292883h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 23ED8FF0h
xor     eax, 62F21C94h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0C5EFED66h
sub     eax, 0BDD67110h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2D22BFF6h
not     eax
add     eax, 30AC2313h
add     eax, 79D93950h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 4E9CC8C5h
not     eax
add     eax, 13EDB8ACh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 66AB5342h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 83450A3Fh
sub     eax, 0D7600AC0h
xor     eax, 5077AEC0h
add     eax, 0AED23D6Dh
add     eax, 46428AEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 3877C882h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1036AA16h
sub     eax, 6084FF08h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EF451E22h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1C079DB7h
xor     eax, 42223E54h
add     eax, 12C0098Ch
add     eax, 0ED27544Ah
xor     eax, 0B6911FEFh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 5F148D33h
sub     eax, 2BB43F8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C995FC8Bh
add     eax, 795BD251h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 2550B766h
xor     eax, 4AA37CE3h
add     eax, 0DED42E80h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C058BF60h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 43DE6794h
sub     eax, 0E9C2EFC5h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0DCC3092Bh
sub     eax, 0FC8A7D0Ch
add     eax, 0BC0ACF16h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 3367FA77h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 443D6B58h
xor     eax, 0E7BE5D4Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 94F8FB25h
add     eax, 31E80FD0h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 6B4E147Eh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 81A7E46Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 0ADBCFCFAh
sub     eax, 510B7B93h
not     eax
add     eax, 1D26E9FBh
sub     eax, 7065B85Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 439075AEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 91D6EECAh
add     eax, 92C29AE9h
sub     eax, 0F387DDD3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4A26D6D9h
sub     eax, 0A6066B26h
sub     eax, 6D8DF82Eh
add     eax, 580390B8h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0D87ACCE3h
sub     eax, 4B794428h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 91190F56h
sub     eax, 0F44CB2E9h
xor     eax, 5C9911B5h
sub     eax, 0C8269240h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0FCAFB1E1h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0CFB9FF42h
add     eax, 5707EE18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EA47AEC5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E2F3D08Fh
add     eax, 7AEC5F0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CDB7067Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 83B56A4Bh
sub     eax, 0DC8D7356h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 67C358E8h
add     eax, 0F4AE3066h
sub     eax, 5E766627h
xor     eax, 0C123417Ch
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 3582AED7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 1D665655h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 6AAAD884h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DB40E1E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 7AA2B950h
add     eax, 0B4EEA64Fh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 31970A0Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D132F03Bh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 55E80E22h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0E2B2825Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 3341E119h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D9FC62A0h
xor     eax, 0F55E3BD8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 84CAEE0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 173693B6h
sub     eax, 0B9BC6830h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C374137Dh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 1C97D84Bh
sub     eax, 0A4DA6318h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 1484FFE6h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0B5BB61CCh
sub     eax, 0F30D2D54h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 4CD17EBFh
add     eax, 38A2F3C6h
sub     eax, 24F52A46h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 9E068255h
sub     eax, 0D090D696h
sub     eax, 43F168A4h
sub     eax, 0E842CC36h
add     eax, 66966671h
xor     eax, 47A44BCEh
xor     eax, 74016C93h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0F143093Dh
sub     eax, 0D931A927h
xor     eax, 0EE782ACBh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 7D46C3DBh
sub     eax, 0C8427571h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EA599B5Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 374F277Eh
xor     eax, 0BCDA32B8h
xor     eax, 465FB419h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 21537915h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FC116551h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 5310DBE2h
xor     eax, 0DCC0EDD1h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0E173114Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E4E303D5h
sub     eax, 0CC97485Bh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 915D2ECFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A35F5BB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B3BA70A8h
sub     eax, 64CC1CA6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1620C6ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CD474B7Ch
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0F9454651h
add     eax, 68B34FAAh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 92741C68h
sub     eax, 0FC62DE3Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 571899D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EAC50D7Dh
xor     eax, 0DC48D053h
sub     eax, 0E89BF917h
xor     eax, 9DC34C82h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 0B4A6DA90h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 46DFA5D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E91649BCh
add     eax, 99A6EC69h
add     eax, 422C90FFh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 27434FA0h
add     eax, 0F09B40F3h
xor     eax, 0D382C83Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1731C17Fh
xor     eax, 0FFB0D40Dh
add     eax, 0F5C317DBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ADD3720Ch
xor     eax, 296907D2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A94B33E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8F254E77h
xor     eax, 96F95880h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DBD7EB92h
add     eax, 67147CFCh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 886AB6B0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 691BF859h
xor     eax, 270AC840h
add     eax, 0ED910FB1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 0CD2C9ED1h
xor     eax, 0D69FCFA5h
add     eax, 49ADB0ECh
xor     eax, 13FAE290h
sub     eax, 10B87FC9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 513F99E3h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0BB64A1DBh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6D44159Fh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 6AD66FFBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CA2B2E0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0A7120AA7h
sub     eax, 0DC89B585h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0CBC8EE1Fh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0C17ABA54h
xor     eax, 587E3B42h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0EF05A5F6h
sub     eax, 0A19FE112h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0A9D55A43h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0B12141E2h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 225BACCBh
xor     eax, 0FCF5CB2Ah
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0B2EEE913h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 6FF2C85Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0EE08CD18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6CAD7187h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 48FED584h
add     eax, 92A78850h
add     eax, 0E8023D4Fh
add     eax, 0BD3A07FAh
xor     eax, 20715283h
xor     eax, 0D7F69A83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 8785F9F4h
xor     eax, 29E8E222h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BDEFCAB9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 56FA9AF8h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 51977731h
add     eax, 0BC2D05E8h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 6C7BA794h
sub     eax, 231F89AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 934F382Ah
sub     eax, 4185AA98h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 8C4C0352h
sub     eax, 31549AD4h
add     eax, 71F55BF1h
not     eax
add     eax, 743DF52Ah
add     eax, 449646ECh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DA2624BCh
not     eax
add     eax, 0FD2E7D94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4E08379Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 54AED838h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0EB3B6163h
sub     eax, 24D623CDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 18721334h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 7FD68AECh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 12CC1249h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 340B12AFh
sub     eax, 0C616D4A9h
add     eax, 0A7405122h
add     eax, 5F6EBF3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 69BD1120h
add     eax, 0A1F53A58h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 264766E2h
sub     eax, 0B12CF153h
sub     eax, 596514A2h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5F2D08CAh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D3957CD3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7D30C3E5h
sub     eax, 0E1060FD4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C3AAFC5Fh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C88EA705h
add     eax, 0C1B4E48Fh
sub     eax, 0A32489AFh
sub     eax, 31118AABh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0DCAAF703h
xor     eax, 9CAB2C09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 465C3493h
add     eax, 0CDDB9C1Fh
xor     eax, 9854DDE4h
xor     eax, 0A4552034h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 4B89315Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A1591872h
not     eax
sub     eax, 64E9893Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 15327AEDh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F5CB6550h
add     eax, 99D1064Ch
xor     eax, 0C2558293h
add     eax, 0D724C7A9h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 5859F38Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 68B55E5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 151AE38Eh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0CB74411Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 40F45257h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0A8384C61h
xor     eax, 0D4E013B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F7B55A43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6BA6C9A2h
add     eax, 63B03C22h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EB0E44FFh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 5A40F465h
add     eax, 3785A0DEh
add     eax, 4705B8AEh
add     eax, 970CCC0Ch
add     eax, 7D602372h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 804FEF0Ah
sub     eax, 6BC2C770h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E256BADAh
xor     eax, 0D53D2213h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 65CFBCC9h
xor     eax, 427A5CF2h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D5F1A623h
xor     eax, 9098CCECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EFE69344h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F5ED3D1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E8108127h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 8AB8E80Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4905C9F8h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 26F232C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1B4AA6C3h
add     eax, 79EFBD9Ch
sub     eax, 9FCA53ABh
add     eax, 0C844498Bh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 95A9948Fh
add     eax, 9D623DCEh
xor     eax, 57DA7778h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 8E67E1D5h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0D7BEE950h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0E2D89F20h
sub     eax, 0E42757F5h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 63D1E3AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2790E6A1h
add     eax, 6C23B0FAh
add     eax, 67116D40h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 45538D6Eh
sub     eax, 134E626Ah
add     eax, 7D657E3Dh
xor     eax, 3C26E0E7h
sub     eax, 4355DC7Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 40B838F5h
xor     eax, 2E254FBFh
xor     eax, 1B7246F8h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 68F9C08Eh
add     eax, 63286569h
add     eax, 0D8C16944h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1208467Ch
sub     eax, 4317249Eh
add     eax, 78AB03D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3FBD881Ch
xor     eax, 908F9DB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 338E0859h
xor     eax, 5D878CF2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7E2AD454h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0EC4E0F6Ch
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0C98DC956h
sub     eax, 46AE0E1Ch
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0D4593B9Bh
add     eax, 0EABF9DB6h
sub     eax, 6622F0C5h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 678CFD1Eh
sub     eax, 9B500C06h
xor     eax, 0F2E42C88h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0D55BC308h
xor     eax, 0ECAA995Fh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E88DBE4Ah
add     eax, 0AE3268CFh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 659F952Ch
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 578E3113h
sub     eax, 702FFE6Ah
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0ABA8E784h
not     eax
add     eax, 588A2759h
add     eax, 3BEEFCF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 6DB3F849h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 6A3CEEB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 78A481CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B9D0D156h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 3B2CF35Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 5BC1BD4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 838D6BF5h
xor     eax, 0F6BB9968h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 59E08E75h
not     eax
xor     eax, 56F6B9ADh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0F642080Eh
xor     eax, 0D43A65EFh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0EB4D4ABDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6B3F6F10h
add     eax, 0A7725EFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CF9CFBBCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 590D18B0h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CB24B53Bh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 929E6292h
add     eax, 49D70BDEh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0F07B82D0h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 7F21EA75h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0AC6F8120h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 29C4E7E1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 19EADEE3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3BEE4E3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0C717EEA9h
sub     eax, 53458F5Eh
sub     eax, 18579BE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0F2718E85h
xor     eax, 0EADE024Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 28E4F69Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FA435022h
sub     eax, 0DEE48C54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 460EE6B5h
sub     eax, 6D9401C4h
add     eax, 2845910Eh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 877515A5h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 1051BA66h
add     eax, 0EAB43E50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CEC85BF8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 5550FF0Eh
sub     eax, 1D3C0F7Eh
sub     eax, 819A20E9h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7A23F512h
not     eax
add     eax, 60DA9518h
xor     eax, 0E3D43D55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0F3A1501Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F96B7DF6h
add     eax, 2A01FBE9h
add     eax, 79ADD155h
sub     eax, 0B60A34EDh
not     eax
add     eax, 69E32F20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0AB8CC36Ch
xor     eax, 0C0860CA0h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 40870E63h
add     eax, 91A212EDh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7A34702Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 18BA282Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0A37C96D6h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 4E4A0BC0h
sub     eax, 66B9C4A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6B514D35h
xor     eax, 867C7E4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 639ACAB0h
add     eax, 2C933294h
xor     eax, 827F9F6Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0B059F3BEh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0AA54CF52h
sub     eax, 13018D8Bh
sub     eax, 0BCE04853h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 35CA61F1h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 2857E7AFh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 48D2F170h
sub     eax, 1DC93DBAh
xor     eax, 0F301BD9Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 842636BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C2DCF2D3h
add     eax, 54754488h
not     eax
sub     eax, 73EA4167h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 3888E1E5h
not     eax
add     eax, 2CA9CE1Fh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 83A9402Ah
xor     eax, 6F3294FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C916014Bh
sub     eax, 9D993D66h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B44DBD96h
sub     eax, 1E3CA12Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0EE4DBF8Dh
sub     eax, 6998B5BCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3EED8203h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 74783398h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BFCA9D53h
xor     eax, 8076536Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EC3146DEh
xor     eax, 8C4937B2h
sub     eax, 77EBE636h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 1864CD59h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C4A54966h
xor     eax, 0F66B5E16h
not     eax
add     eax, 9D9E0F1Bh
sub     eax, 0DAB67D24h
sub     eax, 999E0CF1h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0AEFBE3B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E5AF62DFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 29107D60h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 3C27B5EBh
xor     eax, 0D123E1ACh
sub     eax, 2BC1C086h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0EB193225h
not     eax
add     eax, 5AC43D6Ah
add     eax, 12D98C11h
xor     eax, 0E0F4EB4Ah
sub     eax, 572E531Fh
sub     eax, 9E35D03Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1DD848CBh
add     eax, 18CA3772h
sub     eax, 1A441515h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 4E2F650Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 794F092Ah
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0C12A60B6h
add     eax, 0FBF44027h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0BCDF106Dh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0E3AB5609h
sub     eax, 0BAF697F9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8099EB92h
sub     eax, 55348C33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 95533428h
xor     eax, 9EB1D73Bh
sub     eax, 0B4B2B693h
xor     eax, 0F352D8FCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 927D94E5h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 222893CBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 5C8430D8h
sub     eax, 0BF125C39h
xor     eax, 266C5435h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2D5A25EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 89EF8496h
xor     eax, 0D8ACC96Ch
add     eax, 7FB34DA9h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 7061B572h
xor     eax, 40917B00h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 3F8DFFDBh
xor     eax, 0A9B3407Bh
xor     eax, 3FFCBA28h
not     eax
add     eax, 3E55FAA8h
add     eax, 11FFF258h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0B9442F5Fh
sub     eax, 6537D4B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0DC4F2AE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4B82D622h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 41F43A3Bh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0C2097202h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 984697B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C6E58A67h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 1D7EC4DFh
add     eax, 139E0AE2h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 71E2AC75h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 74C4A080h
add     eax, 0AEAE9F7Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0E8AC4479h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 8ED48966h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0BEC05E09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C19FCD83h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0D87D9284h
add     eax, 0FCA561C1h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 20DB8031h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 3D65FFBBh
xor     eax, 1E4824B8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 834FEE51h
add     eax, 28089AD8h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0DA28C2DEh
add     eax, 9637AB92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9F936647h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 7F162B4Fh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 11D33F50h
add     eax, 0A0001A59h
add     eax, 82F6AE2Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0AA27F6AAh
sub     eax, 79ECBA07h
add     eax, 1BFA50B6h
sub     eax, 470568D7h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 81B6D45Dh
xor     eax, 90E2B763h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 4661F082h
add     eax, 6C8E23F6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DC24564Bh
sub     eax, 0AE2F2770h
sub     eax, 1744F0A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 4BE86DDEh
sub     eax, 62A0F93Ch
sub     eax, 0F148657Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 99967799h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 82547F98h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0DB35A6A5h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0A0F04E92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0CAFE2B6Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B990423Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 9C0D6C28h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EB649EEFh
xor     eax, 600EBA6Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E5C7A26Ch
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 2C68EEAEh
sub     eax, 5C18116Eh
add     eax, 306BFB4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F12FDD3Dh
sub     eax, 8CAB312Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0B15FAC60h
xor     eax, 6C1AEE2Dh
sub     eax, 180555C7h
xor     eax, 0D91DDD42h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0CBEA185Ah
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9B38EBDEh
sub     eax, 4BFADDDFh
add     eax, 845FCEF8h
add     eax, 0AA451FCDh
sub     eax, 0D6D35D33h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 73DC0936h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A3268DE0h
sub     eax, 0A33187E4h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0F1409251h
sub     eax, 18C0C801h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 14BECAD7h
xor     eax, 889677C5h
add     eax, 26AC3810h
xor     eax, 5AA76D32h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0A3D8FB25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 98B38EE9h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 43E4B863h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 76FFABFCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 106A500Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 1B26A8B7h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 4D323639h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0F3D9856Dh
add     eax, 0FF4F5E30h
add     eax, 401FF86Eh
add     eax, 9D115898h
xor     eax, 0C0117268h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 7927B077h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6EAB3D9Bh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0A7DDA981h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 88F749CBh
sub     eax, 0C6B60969h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0A29B443Dh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0A971A024h
add     eax, 6A673E2Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 735413B2h
sub     eax, 0FCB1B615h
add     eax, 0FA3DD809h
add     eax, 34952E9Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 9F34354Ch
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 81940599h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0BEA1AD07h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 47EF091Ch
add     eax, 8E60F06Ah
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 3A26B5ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2CAC948Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AB3E9BEAh
sub     eax, 6B55052Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 57B1B86Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 32FC4B7Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0DE528C42h
sub     eax, 13DBD80Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DCE39067h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0A9DCE544h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 649C5A16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0ED36529Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F8C7EF57h
xor     eax, 2606A697h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D468B917h
xor     eax, 82BF1F05h
sub     eax, 0F3FD7DB2h
xor     eax, 4C2BADE9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 5F4D5EE6h
xor     eax, 0CB223D6Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EE7111F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 12B18C49h
add     eax, 0B63CCB3Dh
sub     eax, 0C9647495h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6315C549h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 2BD09F81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 452223F9h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 25378027h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 3244FF2Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0FBD0F0C7h
sub     eax, 95DF0EA6h
sub     eax, 90072D13h
add     eax, 16C8F0D0h
xor     eax, 4A05A927h
xor     eax, 3DD6D8CFh
xor     eax, 0CCC9C024h
add     eax, 35689407h
xor     eax, 2F01A5B2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 9677CFC2h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 10AB6E4Dh
xor     eax, 2AA80382h
add     eax, 9A68D6D1h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B564B546h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 225332ABh
xor     eax, 6F59AB42h
add     eax, 0BC62CB1Dh
add     eax, 0A20A742Ah
sub     eax, 0E2EB81B7h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0BD1EA268h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0FD86300Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B6A67605h
add     eax, 0E10A0FCDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 3F87FAA2h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 36D72365h
sub     eax, 0A1084879h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0DD93A47Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0ABB56697h
add     eax, 0A5CDC953h
xor     eax, 885F1440h
add     eax, 0AA65677Bh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 6A47CD47h
add     eax, 0A4DA972Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 16B0C6BFh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 51C9F659h
add     eax, 3EABAF07h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F1495EC0h
xor     eax, 9DDD2E69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 93463268h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0B1B748F7h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0F067A369h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 441B5595h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 1AAF3427h
sub     eax, 0BE41AA41h
add     eax, 8627189Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 126517CBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 2071D0B2h
add     eax, 0BF61D75Ch
xor     eax, 0EF0DB8C8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 92CFE171h
add     eax, 3ED0A8D9h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CBE47B47h
sub     eax, 0B6C4B69Ah
add     eax, 0C3C52F1Dh
xor     eax, 728C9118h
add     eax, 17779820h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2D09AA7Ch
add     eax, 0F292471Bh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0D2310A59h
not     eax
xor     eax, 90F1F1B5h
sub     eax, 5D80EBCAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 92E77BC3h
xor     eax, 1B5B2163h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 15F00210h
xor     eax, 955A2CB8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EDC1CF05h
add     eax, 0BEDA5B97h
add     eax, 0A8F2C73Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 7B312ED7h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F345448Fh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0FF1D01E1h
xor     eax, 0A871639Eh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0F6C3AD0Dh
add     eax, 4355DADBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 76A00AC1h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 70F6B240h
xor     eax, 55FBB214h
sub     eax, 0DC6E8A23h
sub     eax, 0D4773651h
add     eax, 3EC40339h
add     eax, 0F5FD62FAh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6F90AC1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 2974100Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0BDD0BE6Dh
sub     eax, 449E58ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 6F761E8Ah
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 37BC3C79h
sub     eax, 0AC6D8720h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 1B04B566h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4FD29434h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 3653A8B8h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 55FF3EC9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 6D0813B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D4399335h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9809092Ch
sub     eax, 1875A082h
xor     eax, 10AC22ADh
not     eax
xor     eax, 89DF81E6h
sub     eax, 5DD8B596h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0B6D7CB28h
xor     eax, 9C20DF1Fh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0A195798Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9CE45801h
sub     eax, 9AF8A043h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D72D71BDh
xor     eax, 4EFB0AF9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0EB749420h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D36924DBh
add     eax, 0EC45D203h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 515CCE35h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 5CBDEEF8h
sub     eax, 2569680Bh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 9D2BB42Ch
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 0ADF156FFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EEC20915h
xor     eax, 4E0287E3h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 4649151Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6D572302h
xor     eax, 82BF1E57h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EC1312DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 605A4BA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 1B9E0368h
add     eax, 97891077h
add     eax, 1CB42ECAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B08D9F23h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0FFE582FFh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0C6687DEEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B1886A0Fh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0DE624F15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2A761335h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 1DCA4310h
xor     eax, 0B4F51F67h
add     eax, 82D20A22h
sub     eax, 2320B994h
xor     eax, 8EA4941Eh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0A0D544E4h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 92063950h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0E31D2271h
add     eax, 7E418459h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 6DCAE160h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EA7474B3h
xor     eax, 45D7EFC2h
xor     eax, 26FFC987h
sub     eax, 0EA4D3438h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0C05289E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 41D47F57h
sub     eax, 7D651A5Ch
xor     eax, 9D0AE05Fh
sub     eax, 8C17B3F8h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 34A8458Ch
xor     eax, 0DE14F243h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 797CF628h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 83C68BB0h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 2DEEBD7Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B0E7266Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 13DAEF12h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 15F57D1Dh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 49C319ADh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0F814CDBBh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0D3568173h
xor     eax, 6A09C76Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3F276F4Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 31B37D85h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 832D8A0Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0BAF9B94Bh
xor     eax, 0D7496B6Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0C9B42603h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AF91D8D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4A670D3Ch
xor     eax, 78359C25h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CA411FA6h
add     eax, 90357AD7h
sub     eax, 0C61BE9A9h
xor     eax, 0F9A6223Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9225BC58h
sub     eax, 373D3FB9h
sub     eax, 0F9595DBEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0C2C5E151h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 12A8BB2Dh
xor     eax, 9B098316h
sub     eax, 0B4ACB48Ah
sub     eax, 0EFE36EF6h
add     eax, 0DF1973D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0FA8C6523h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 15DC1340h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 12A9ED61h
sub     eax, 41BD144Bh
xor     eax, 0E121C4AAh
add     eax, 9FB90BBAh
xor     eax, 2C96226Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0CD40D63Dh
add     eax, 61DECEBDh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 78C9A60Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D491404Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 2E55DBEEh
xor     eax, 5D39E4AFh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 5C34A493h
sub     eax, 5E9F0657h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0ED1AEC62h
add     eax, 0B2792458h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 8A2664A8h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 2E621713h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 4BD297E8h
xor     eax, 0CA2485BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CF9C931Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0E347EFBAh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0A4DAB9A1h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9993DD13h
not     eax
add     eax, 8B53ECC0h
sub     eax, 0A057417Bh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CAC4D051h
sub     eax, 0DC7C8AA0h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 2250C1BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 27E94F64h
add     eax, 1E5AC08Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8AC84294h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0D658BFC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 29A3984Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DB76AC46h
sub     eax, 19710D5Bh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0DEAAC189h
xor     eax, 53691313h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 8C772623h
sub     eax, 0FB1ABCA9h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 21A680E4h
xor     eax, 0F44C3F7Ah
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0AC167995h
not     eax
add     eax, 0ED9801B0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 8DAD10A0h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 852F8931h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CE0FDDF0h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0DDCF9CC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 95BA0098h
sub     eax, 0DCB99F20h
xor     eax, 928D134Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 9C484007h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0CB6FB3D1h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 18C78509h
sub     eax, 65710F0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4DEA0BE6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4128FEDCh
sub     eax, 86E572F2h
sub     eax, 6B5E2974h
add     eax, 0F8512B33h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 5E73B9A8h
sub     eax, 16169CFEh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0B93EDA26h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 6712C439h
add     eax, 7035C0F5h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0EA2FB4BDh
sub     eax, 2680CF40h
add     eax, 0EB3BCC86h
add     eax, 179EE886h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 91746126h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D0AD529Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BEA039B1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D5B8D475h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0C8620552h
xor     eax, 0B48527A2h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0F466143Ah
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4E61964Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4594AC8Ch
sub     eax, 9F297289h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0F43A313Eh
sub     eax, 2FA2E8ECh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 79C51743h
xor     eax, 63886565h
xor     eax, 0FB99E2CFh
add     eax, 0E9C3E474h
xor     eax, 77FFF134h
sub     eax, 36CE6DC5h
xor     eax, 0CB444975h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0C0149169h
xor     eax, 330196EFh
add     eax, 7859614Eh
sub     eax, 0A98A5C73h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CB67E63Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 2F5CF880h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AE6ADABAh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 3898AA25h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0B25C77BDh
sub     eax, 0BCAE9193h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B0A7536Bh
xor     eax, 0C50FCD88h
sub     eax, 0B2D9DAADh
add     eax, 0CC6B20A2h
xor     eax, 0F2FA2DD9h
add     eax, 7F658DA5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AB46AB45h
sub     eax, 426D0D53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 8C049546h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F4B6DFB6h
sub     eax, 66AFE394h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 204DC0B2h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 70CAB033h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 1CCCAC68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3585FF32h
add     eax, 216089A1h
add     eax, 0BDD838B5h
add     eax, 2C48E6D8h
sub     eax, 3413918Fh
sub     eax, 3AE5090Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A74D85AAh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 80C263E0h
xor     eax, 90245508h
xor     eax, 0C47201A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0CA66EB0Bh
xor     eax, 1498C198h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 4D477CDDh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0A34B5F04h
not     eax
sub     eax, 422C887Dh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 1A744968h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 248D0683h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 2E86C119h
add     eax, 0EBDA1E82h
add     eax, 1FF72E56h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CB9F0C8Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0BA51A919h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 30F6D6BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AE2A69ADh
add     eax, 0CC1A3C48h
sub     eax, 0CE28AEB3h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0E7BE4762h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 66805F4Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 605272A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 33D7016Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 9FF4A55Ch
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 9A83D5E5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3146BC4Eh
sub     eax, 229E7089h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 9176A31Bh
xor     eax, 5E6FD5A6h
sub     eax, 859645A7h
add     eax, 262E27E2h
xor     eax, 0BF4F149Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 67323C7Eh
add     eax, 4B3C8EBEh
add     eax, 9614B84Eh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0E046AFADh
xor     eax, 0B70FC576h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A4144D6Dh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 2E9F5D17h
not     eax
add     eax, 3D28E4E8h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8CDC9881h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D65D0013h
sub     eax, 0BD3B6B16h
add     eax, 1D0B7B8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0CDCC1257h
sub     eax, 2F084E52h
not     eax
sub     eax, 86F11EE3h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 2F2B929Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0C4C07519h
sub     eax, 5CAFA00Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 970B2122h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0D3465DCFh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 232A5DAAh
add     eax, 0FF24B67Fh
sub     eax, 0DE38C012h
add     eax, 0BAF6BE88h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 53B0348Bh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 14EBDBE4h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 7CAF4ECBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BBB11056h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0DF90AF09h
xor     eax, 9AEB80D8h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 656401DDh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 805E1AA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 7EFABE57h
sub     eax, 9E7797BEh
add     eax, 99B2ED20h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 8863042Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 94ABACA0h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0CC79E211h
xor     eax, 2AB7111Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B8342BEAh
sub     eax, 0E0152359h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8548EF3Dh
sub     eax, 0E53496B0h
xor     eax, 0EA232AEDh
sub     eax, 3B1C8BABh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0C85E29B1h
xor     eax, 0D886B0ABh
sub     eax, 0BC31F482h
add     eax, 239F3647h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0A0D103D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0AFCFC931h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 1F266E2Bh
xor     eax, 642EFE21h
sub     eax, 743BA82Eh
xor     eax, 7FF58516h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 31CEABE0h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 8430EDC4h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 7218B978h
not     eax
add     eax, 5499E62Bh
xor     eax, 0A1E6851Ch
sub     eax, 6D531F08h
xor     eax, 437E8609h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 4D997942h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0B6EDFF05h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0C0A55B7Ah
sub     eax, 0A1F6FCD1h
xor     eax, 0DC9C18A0h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 7326FC8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A0AAEF26h
sub     eax, 6918377Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ECB448CFh
xor     eax, 0B7D0EA8Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 33F3A0B2h
sub     eax, 3443A865h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A6CCB83Bh
sub     eax, 0C7404827h
not     eax
xor     eax, 13EFFEBFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 150500CDh
add     eax, 4F9063AFh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C2F8EF10h
xor     eax, 5497DDFFh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5DAB6722h
sub     eax, 7774965Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5D5D53BDh
add     eax, 98B72B7Eh
add     eax, 0D6DA8054h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0F4FB2007h
sub     eax, 915ABCC2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 8CCE28C0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4F472C6Ch
sub     eax, 68D341DBh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 5F15B3A0h
sub     eax, 4EFD8015h
xor     eax, 503A6B15h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0C60D51F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EE62B56Ch
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 7B17384Dh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C9E58BC3h
sub     eax, 9F2C02ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 8B6BC62Ah
sub     eax, 0F35DA365h
xor     eax, 0CF33C1DBh
xor     eax, 4CFBB3F0h
add     eax, 0CCCF0206h
sub     eax, 2BD70BA5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3814277Eh
sub     eax, 23ACAE64h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 58E345BCh
add     eax, 5C6A105Dh
add     eax, 694FEFC3h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3EBFD8B5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0F2C6B3CAh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0FFCF6823h
sub     eax, 73022DFFh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 6B22F494h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 4FDE1653h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 5E82A19Eh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0F6894E09h
add     eax, 96DCDE35h
add     eax, 0CE1359ACh
not     eax
sub     eax, 81459265h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0C8AE8A72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 4CC12BB3h
xor     eax, 0F0AE4492h
xor     eax, 13ECDF95h
add     eax, 7AED7FA7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BD68C8BAh
sub     eax, 0E8D5ECF5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 186D378Ch
add     eax, 38810CECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CEB9CEEDh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A1F4C7F0h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 6D02E0D8h
add     eax, 0D0411182h
sub     eax, 0DD23A8CEh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9C5E76E9h
xor     eax, 0EFEA4BFEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E2ACA7A1h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 141E6D4Dh
add     eax, 0F4D8FBC5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FB4A0662h
add     eax, 0BB213B45h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 38B6046Ch
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C5488F63h
add     eax, 1FFDD68Ch
sub     eax, 82E95BB3h
add     eax, 5FCB4066h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 57D80D1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 2626FF78h
sub     eax, 0FEE62DA1h
add     eax, 13ED4139h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0FAD524D9h
sub     eax, 515ED3C4h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 5B3DAC74h
sub     eax, 77E20DAAh
add     eax, 1C7818AAh
sub     eax, 86287484h
not     eax
add     eax, 7A1F79E8h
not     eax
add     eax, 5BB6212Bh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 1F79B75Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 526749EAh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 6DA368FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7C2414D8h
add     eax, 8616AB11h
add     eax, 2B90D02Fh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 19C5755Eh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8E2CDF77h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2E046240h
sub     eax, 413FD43Eh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0D0959E8Eh
xor     eax, 0E82C2520h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DCDC107Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 1FAB4555h
sub     eax, 0D15D567Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0C0AAB630h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BDA070B5h
add     eax, 91288CB4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8FA79714h
not     eax
add     eax, 36DFC96Dh
add     eax, 0D21C9203h
sub     eax, 4CBDF70Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 799D395Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F89EA6C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 38B8FC38h
add     eax, 6D52587Fh
sub     eax, 0ABCB5AF7h
xor     eax, 8550E436h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0ED727494h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 956891FDh
sub     eax, 286DE732h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1CBD118Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 1F3419DDh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0C222757Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5D91A36Fh
add     eax, 0E2215B48h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1FFB24ECh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 333DF211h
sub     eax, 1829D11Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A514B290h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 34B73C44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 915B4F4Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0B644EC9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 817C02F8h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0E9150F44h
sub     eax, 76AEE3DBh
add     eax, 0AB32B256h
add     eax, 14427CAEh
sub     eax, 2690852Ah
sub     eax, 7DA66F4Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 824F9AC1h
xor     eax, 0DFA9D7D1h
add     eax, 7558B6E1h
add     eax, 14FA9B67h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 11C196A8h
sub     eax, 83761996h
add     eax, 85BA5439h
xor     eax, 0FD639D57h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 834502C7h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 1FC911B0h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7E4E77DAh
xor     eax, 166A1A0Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 71725A11h
xor     eax, 0B1F3C364h
xor     eax, 6684D8EBh
add     eax, 5035F2A0h
xor     eax, 0DBBF4883h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 35D82CEAh
add     eax, 0C009DEAAh
not     eax
add     eax, 91759FB6h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 3E85D14Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 66FBAEB9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 26BC1159h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E520F321h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 90FD375Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 6C821568h
xor     eax, 387E7B39h
sub     eax, 31EE8455h
sub     eax, 0D7E3C138h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 26C658FFh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 7E589189h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0A13F32A5h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 3D8178D9h
add     eax, 0DA45DB26h
sub     eax, 0A5B0F4E4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 805F6491h
xor     eax, 0CFFE60B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 587F0654h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8287DDA5h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0A83985B9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 7E724565h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 1B630B49h
xor     eax, 0BBB1F191h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9D48A350h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A792E49Ch
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0F45202D1h
sub     eax, 88BEBEFEh
sub     eax, 0E09398ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7B9A0219h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 797A2F35h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 4DC4BDF8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 261E062Dh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 96F035A1h
sub     eax, 718A70A2h
xor     eax, 0DADDB33Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 4AD58D31h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0C9FAA5F0h
sub     eax, 769B3E2Bh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F50133A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 349433EAh
add     eax, 4C4E06C7h
xor     eax, 62FEDF17h
add     eax, 405C6921h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 26776DDDh
add     eax, 831FCFEAh
add     eax, 0DA642122h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1F262E19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E066981Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FADEC8E5h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9680E2FDh
add     eax, 943428F3h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E690B00Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 89D62C50h
add     eax, 0FB908CDDh
add     eax, 8516B626h
sub     eax, 0AF707B93h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0EAE87774h
sub     eax, 8EAF03D5h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BAACA7A9h
add     eax, 1059E5C0h
xor     eax, 0CB6F3B92h
xor     eax, 0EF06FE8Eh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 4F632D37h
add     eax, 11197F21h
sub     eax, 56338F6Fh
add     eax, 0C6988BDFh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0B2797CF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 679A4CCEh
sub     eax, 37DAD46Ah
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 9D1FDA70h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 5A744136h
add     eax, 9DEE5B6Ch
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0DB76516Ah
add     eax, 0BC76C621h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 82B6EFDFh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A48C066Bh
xor     eax, 4A6B6993h
add     eax, 538CBE39h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 7666D702h
add     eax, 935B7E40h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 48AC38E2h
xor     eax, 64D219BEh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F0C8797Ch
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 15B94C08h
sub     eax, 0A5CC9EA4h
sub     eax, 13B9B251h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0D8FE2F4Bh
sub     eax, 0E7077F12h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 6413E3BDh
not     eax
add     eax, 720A3518h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8D24F627h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 56B0D8BBh
sub     eax, 75C29FFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 3167F30Eh
add     eax, 5720885Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 4798F78Eh
xor     eax, 0EA5C51DFh
xor     eax, 0D9914661h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 481A843Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 62A1B660h
sub     eax, 9B95D00Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C1F77110h
add     eax, 138BB151h
sub     eax, 0E01FEE69h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 2A9177D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 75A9CB28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 23266B6Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 877A2926h
xor     eax, 0AC72AA14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5C534460h
add     eax, 8EBC7DFDh
sub     eax, 3B2F77A1h
add     eax, 665FBC88h
xor     eax, 0F1A6077Fh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 83125F27h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0E518A4E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0C1D78586h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0FD7D98D7h
sub     eax, 0E2CF4315h
not     eax
add     eax, 4912A3C0h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 6DB7FF87h
xor     eax, 4A319151h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F8FBEC26h
add     eax, 0FF2D9FE2h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A44BB34Ch
xor     eax, 4CE6C014h
sub     eax, 0BF179C81h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0D5D33FEEh
xor     eax, 276E15D7h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 4DA26D7Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 70DB73B7h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0F7BEF5F3h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D2215500h
add     eax, 61CB215Bh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 58BE151Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5A474709h
add     eax, 567088BFh
sub     eax, 0FF4D926Eh
sub     eax, 0EFE73F4Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0F6F0B2DBh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0A5EA67CAh
sub     eax, 0F0A26C5Ch
sub     eax, 0C346E486h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 52A997C7h
sub     eax, 0C2B1D478h
sub     eax, 455038C2h
sub     eax, 636FC7AEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5E3829CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B89B8AD8h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 6926A9B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 3D04B82Ah
xor     eax, 31075138h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0FD040093h
add     eax, 0A1355781h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3BF0D7CEh
xor     eax, 0CBCDA465h
not     eax
add     eax, 80162D3Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0C4F3906Dh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 7A759B1Ah
xor     eax, 0A020B8E4h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 8CB816EEh
add     eax, 0EDC7EAA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 71A06BAEh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 23B8BDF8h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 2CBA6CDEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 77D8880Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB65F48Ah
xor     eax, 9C7F56E1h
sub     eax, 1501EDC2h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 6A55BFD1h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 85FB6CE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0AB938B36h
add     eax, 2FC4067Dh
add     eax, 0D7E2FB6Fh
sub     eax, 3B70F510h
sub     eax, 79809CB6h
add     eax, 1904684Bh
xor     eax, 0DFB40D23h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A9DC8E29h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0C39D8642h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9C1696DFh
add     eax, 0C6C2FC92h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 610FBE0Ch
sub     eax, 6C3E972Ah
add     eax, 7060EC25h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0E7D4CB2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0E2671E97h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 36CCFD39h
sub     eax, 620B46F0h
xor     eax, 7580FBB3h
add     eax, 3C329F8Fh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 95B7B566h
add     eax, 0CCD7F5FAh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 78A4BC06h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F626C03Bh
add     eax, 7AE810D9h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0FE951874h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0CE8B1B83h
sub     eax, 0DC2E829Bh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C9F988EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AA4F99C1h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0D428FE90h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6970F160h
xor     eax, 631FBB5Bh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5627DCDAh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0D32D414Ch
sub     eax, 0D7088039h
xor     eax, 2F58917Dh
sub     eax, 0CC13E01Fh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0F7DA5AA9h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 5724667Eh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0CB16EB46h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 215E888Fh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 18EFCE3Ah
sub     eax, 86E67340h
add     eax, 0EE0B3AE4h
not     eax
add     eax, 23723EF3h
sub     eax, 0A507E856h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DA0D1930h
xor     eax, 9211C0A5h
add     eax, 0BBB16B78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0FABD5403h
add     eax, 1E0A9AC1h
sub     eax, 9A1FE6C4h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 97110D48h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 4B3CDE5Dh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 1AAD3289h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 57FA6E75h
add     eax, 0E3A83704h
xor     eax, 0F497B7CEh
add     eax, 6483F998h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0A5829871h
sub     eax, 0F173FE5Dh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 79E1BBB4h
xor     eax, 81AA3FE6h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 793A6487h
xor     eax, 0E2DCE3A4h
sub     eax, 3AF25808h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8E077FDBh
add     eax, 0B9CB268Fh
xor     eax, 5042E09Bh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 1725F6E2h
add     eax, 13E37FB5h
sub     eax, 0FD09EE42h
add     eax, 0C2F437D9h
add     eax, 81F53DF5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 25B2C57Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 63440C96h
add     eax, 585B0253h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 312BFEF9h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0A51B19A9h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 783975C1h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C9D20BADh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 943B5D6Bh
sub     eax, 4D70257Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 171A1F7Fh
add     eax, 4B264994h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 66382B06h
xor     eax, 28AECFCEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D430EA8Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A81BC3ABh
xor     eax, 0B50201BCh
add     eax, 0A0713BB4h
add     eax, 4BFB3A3Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4CA37268h
xor     eax, 0B813B1AAh
xor     eax, 50BE7DC6h
add     eax, 4A527777h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B60C5AACh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 935FE699h
sub     eax, 86446F30h
add     eax, 2C6A0256h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 7882D466h
xor     eax, 0D55C3788h
add     eax, 404300F0h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 42ADBCF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1B8EE4F0h
sub     eax, 0F45DD475h
add     eax, 0D9069C83h
xor     eax, 0CA5509CFh
add     eax, 0DB5816ACh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0AF3EC758h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 1DB08B18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5F2FC20Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D13FB39Bh
add     eax, 189FD6E3h
sub     eax, 4373EDB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 41F041ECh
sub     eax, 131CD58Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0B29C49BBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 25479AEDh
add     eax, 0A88BB042h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 3A41D369h
sub     eax, 0FB87D8C9h
sub     eax, 82B8C2A6h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 95DE569Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 739F3372h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6BEF6B02h
xor     eax, 0C8D07B11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 3FBB6503h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EC961D07h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 64320C94h
add     eax, 0F963A24Fh
sub     eax, 0A6E67A85h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 35F4F6E8h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 747C77FAh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 967EFE4Ch
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D87E0B5Dh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 6DD30A77h
xor     eax, 0FC880F8Ch
xor     eax, 0D64F6A6Eh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 162E9255h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 33AD6028h
add     eax, 0BD989BF7h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 303C055Dh
add     eax, 5268DD5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F3170034h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 552211B6h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0E9A1A49Dh
xor     eax, 35D745F4h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0FFD5337Ah
sub     eax, 610DBA57h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A340E88Eh
sub     eax, 0F8C980B0h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0EEDA49F4h
add     eax, 56841E38h
not     eax
add     eax, 9389D049h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 982B5950h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 7FAA507Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BF626AFAh
add     eax, 0CB98926Ah
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 44449B67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 33C5CB94h
add     eax, 670BD91Fh
xor     eax, 10DF4321h
add     eax, 65F96500h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F7EB3760h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0ACE71842h
xor     eax, 0DB926057h
add     eax, 17E09D5Ch
add     eax, 53846440h
not     eax
sub     eax, 82B76E65h
xor     eax, 4D5A76BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 55594F44h
add     eax, 89DCE2DFh
sub     eax, 911FB5CBh
add     eax, 15E05E11h
xor     eax, 83313CFEh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 942EC987h
add     eax, 55F7584Ch
xor     eax, 0CF2F46E3h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 8BDA1919h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E1E89C7Eh
xor     eax, 0E70E87F9h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0CF64A127h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 3F239071h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0ADE52DD1h
sub     eax, 0FBA27CD0h
xor     eax, 223C72E0h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 1507ECCDh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0D22D2372h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0D8C7AF22h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 184AE861h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D2A00540h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5B309A40h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0E2F753A6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D52F34E1h
add     eax, 0BB10794Bh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 19459368h
add     eax, 0B423BDDAh
xor     eax, 14279621h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 69509C05h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0AE69ED7Bh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BD6B7D8Bh
sub     eax, 20628037h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 84B368E7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D3B084D7h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 9C7D7914h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7E0F1CBDh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 6AC25F55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0DA7EE150h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 888D0709h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5B0B42EFh
sub     eax, 27DEE392h
xor     eax, 1D5F217Bh
sub     eax, 0B0745A46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A3DED479h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 27E91028h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F481DC8Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 16D7273Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 69715859h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 4614BB86h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E941A934h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 357140FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 83DEF631h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F1A63463h
xor     eax, 46B9FF82h
sub     eax, 88D04647h
xor     eax, 0C13601B7h
not     eax
add     eax, 98F1EF51h
xor     eax, 11F7F576h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C59F3CEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C779647Ch
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A5ECCE6Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 975B701Fh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 161C7D9Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 91349B77h
sub     eax, 913A9FF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1163A413h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 76C4267Ah
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4B7EBF43h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0FE4ADA7Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 75E31773h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 4FC4A56Bh
add     eax, 11E01043h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0B64E729Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 8C9C3C0Ah
add     eax, 78655515h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DF338BD8h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 9AE2C2D3h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EC1C9F57h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 93EB0117h
xor     eax, 0B6097E7Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0D0743FC3h
sub     eax, 0F7E5BE8Ch
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9A45AB79h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 27AE3B77h
add     eax, 82B26958h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8EB8C82Bh
sub     eax, 0FFDCF5FBh
not     eax
add     eax, 535A83C5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 3648CDB7h
add     eax, 0BC277FE6h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 37BF6040h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5DADB90Ch
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2BE6B27Fh
sub     eax, 0B6B0834Dh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 3E79B389h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0FA9CB444h
sub     eax, 0A80012DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 5E370253h
sub     eax, 0AB7052A4h
add     eax, 0B269E6A7h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A7ABFBACh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D047F3FFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5BE3FB2Ah
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 62D7EF04h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B525C218h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0C31AF100h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0D8174694h
add     eax, 85BFA808h
xor     eax, 5F4CC2FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0E9632B28h
sub     eax, 2D93FC2Bh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 15B3D395h
xor     eax, 92FC890Ah
add     eax, 0FD92F8FFh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0C79BA319h
add     eax, 452BE09Fh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A6378185h
sub     eax, 9439BE11h
add     eax, 0BE27C6A4h
sub     eax, 2BB3B96Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7DC02FB9h
xor     eax, 576EAAC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 371B0CBFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C5461E50h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 16829E4Ah
add     eax, 0D79353C2h
xor     eax, 1458D8CFh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0AE83795Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 9E4783AAh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0D0BF8B32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0B98F5641h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0F9F450ADh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 83E9671Bh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0DA771BEAh
xor     eax, 34C26C2Bh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0F2790A06h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 3B9D5E5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BD92A1F9h
xor     eax, 0E39AA103h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C69C5C21h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9FD9D648h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6179E914h
xor     eax, 6DB753ECh
not     eax
add     eax, 77A30A5Eh
add     eax, 209DD7E8h
add     eax, 0C70276FBh
xor     eax, 0FA97C7D1h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0BEAE032Ah
sub     eax, 683B7F26h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BECA77C5h
sub     eax, 159FC576h
not     eax
add     eax, 932953A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 40F58120h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0D8E00030h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0BD3E3CCEh
xor     eax, 0CC3A212Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 6E863275h
add     eax, 78E5758Bh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0A5771728h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C9ECE00Dh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C64A4A65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 6B5F2F0Bh
xor     eax, 98DAD6B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5F0D33F9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2C0A8923h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 7E081CD9h
add     eax, 86FAD3A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F8B3A008h
xor     eax, 700C897Bh
xor     eax, 0F1344EC6h
xor     eax, 270C792Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0B30482A3h
sub     eax, 6EE657B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 9806B990h
add     eax, 0C14A8540h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 79733D8Bh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 57219655h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BF031D2Bh
sub     eax, 69F95B82h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A68FD18Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2E21C5D9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 34BFB748h
xor     eax, 0D9F04F1Ah
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0CCE0C0BBh
xor     eax, 0F91112C8h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0FF347882h
add     eax, 0D2AADA1Ah
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 23CB61DDh
xor     eax, 0F45883C7h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 821BA95Ch
xor     eax, 2ADDC570h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 9E10127Eh
sub     eax, 437DF4D4h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 13B564CEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 48D707F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A37C3A3Fh
sub     eax, 0DCB2EA1Dh
add     eax, 0B984DE59h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 770B8E81h
add     eax, 0ADB56852h
not     eax
add     eax, 1CA927B4h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 637A3AB6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 93F77C20h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 779D884Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16325E61h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D9466911h
xor     eax, 1682AD3Fh
add     eax, 0B8E937C9h
add     eax, 96ECD0A8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4E0D1DCFh
xor     eax, 0EA9DD0E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E70FAEF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0CECDA4BEh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0AE0EEBBAh
sub     eax, 0B950D106h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0BA400644h
sub     eax, 1FE14A3Ah
sub     eax, 0BE826BC5h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A624C920h
xor     eax, 17B74BFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1F626607h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0C330C441h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9765DC20h
xor     eax, 0A0DD3460h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E548D415h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 969A29D8h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CE77D419h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 1D6842ADh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1993E092h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C38151D1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 80E97860h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 615C74ADh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0AB89A98Ch
sub     eax, 1AAADB41h
xor     eax, 6AB2B8E5h
xor     eax, 0F7A9427Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0A1E4F355h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 73381336h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 51D833C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0B5990E03h
add     eax, 1A8C262Fh
sub     eax, 0F3B11C45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 6A9D14D0h
add     eax, 0EA2AAFFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9BD1CCFAh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 61F29054h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0A09D97ADh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 55D83E66h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0EC132242h
add     eax, 0A4611A21h
sub     eax, 961F1C94h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0B8D1A037h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 3BA1A4B1h
add     eax, 39407AA9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8E4A660Bh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B16B2AABh
xor     eax, 0C708B81Dh
sub     eax, 0C09B23EBh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0B1131D13h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CE28D161h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 3F1F94E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 387DDFA4h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8530A980h
add     eax, 0EC1666E3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B8320D9Ah
xor     eax, 0A2225692h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 5C6837F9h
xor     eax, 56D8BB76h
sub     eax, 0C9CED5C1h
xor     eax, 8AB4AC52h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0F1C18CECh
sub     eax, 0B6C81321h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0DC2D287Fh
add     eax, 63F55F44h
sub     eax, 8B0B8D42h
add     eax, 0BEEC360Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 68183599h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0E60AAAE9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0CC24B86Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0FD33D52Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 68E6445Ah
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 56335F0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 65E28C72h
add     eax, 97F63553h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 746EB4B7h
sub     eax, 74AEEABEh
add     eax, 0ED806BFEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 67241F07h
add     eax, 0EB411611h
add     eax, 0DDC4DDD3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D3179F94h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5299FAD6h
sub     eax, 0C6A567B6h
xor     eax, 0AB337B16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 88CDCA2Fh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7B49DEBBh
xor     eax, 0C8469B26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0C9ED621Fh
xor     eax, 0FED39D91h
not     eax
xor     eax, 840524FDh
add     eax, 27257FC8h
sub     eax, 7DC20308h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0B4C04CF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 7F355CA8h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 47C3915Eh
xor     eax, 62D84D6Ch
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 26BB5F33h
add     eax, 0EB86CA5Fh
sub     eax, 80E1AE44h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 84C30E5Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 36A03118h
add     eax, 4F2EA197h
xor     eax, 476FD325h
xor     eax, 919C1FE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7A603646h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0C2B488C2h
add     eax, 44CF6B2Eh
add     eax, 38C2A6BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 3B03D3B1h
sub     eax, 0E37D2DA8h
sub     eax, 87BD28EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BC64DEA9h
sub     eax, 430CCAD4h
sub     eax, 2674D7E9h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 9F6BEE5Eh
sub     eax, 730A2674h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D5B6B389h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2ECEE85Ah
xor     eax, 3D6E4953h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 72E6DDDAh
xor     eax, 186E9093h
sub     eax, 628970C4h
add     eax, 42675DE3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 98185962h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 95D28F5Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 9943CC8Bh
xor     eax, 62E6A9F0h
sub     eax, 5B740FEEh
sub     eax, 0E6CB47E8h
sub     eax, 0D0C2A327h
sub     eax, 93201BB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 80BEDAD7h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0CE8A38D0h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E2BA549Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8AD47610h
sub     eax, 4390DE09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 622BA617h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 152DE83Ch
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 9EAB90E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 12D5CD11h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EC845DA8h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0EFCC5114h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 30A43437h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 950C8525h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 72D5B4A4h
sub     eax, 4C7FE151h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 70DB6B29h
xor     eax, 0EAAA44F1h
xor     eax, 90947D9Dh
add     eax, 5177FA03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 68BE5A96h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 6773939Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A92C2732h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 94ED51F1h
sub     eax, 191BAB76h
add     eax, 0B6FBC2E5h
add     eax, 0D7647AF5h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 8DC0217Eh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0D0623FDDh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0FC045736h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0A2DE1AE8h
sub     eax, 1E9AFD8Fh
add     eax, 4A43D2C0h
xor     eax, 7A011A8Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 9BAA8D5Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 7E454A8Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 4FB366BAh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 434BBF61h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0F9C579EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7925FE59h
add     eax, 0FA26953Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AC7F9581h
add     eax, 0A1EAC746h
sub     eax, 885CC237h
sub     eax, 0CF6A8984h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0B122467Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0A7286F94h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8734CA8Dh
xor     eax, 922595DDh
xor     eax, 0DE347ED0h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 93DC8CB0h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 3E9DCC85h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0C0726BFFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E1F43962h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DB90F28Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3A589C0Ch
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 89C2E2EEh
xor     eax, 52E3FF27h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B93DE5AAh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FB3B51B2h
add     eax, 0F07AB35Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A8889E8Bh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0C1D2CBFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0FFE5D61Bh
sub     eax, 0CC3FF050h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0FD8A3ECDh
xor     eax, 3DB5F063h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 5948C4FAh
xor     eax, 0B22F7C35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 903B7786h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 386A5850h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 792F997Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F90D2975h
xor     eax, 0AC2201C5h
xor     eax, 5DB5B180h
sub     eax, 7891C8F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8B082CB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8150B075h
xor     eax, 739EC878h
sub     eax, 0FE7EEB00h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0B9D03153h
add     eax, 823D8CF6h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 9640BE01h
xor     eax, 0BC618967h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D769960Dh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0CA1207E9h
add     eax, 8D84FCAFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 78611D48h
xor     eax, 7108D8F6h
add     eax, 0DA8D2703h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 7AE28F4Ch
add     eax, 580AD0D4h
add     eax, 69CC8F0Ah
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 45211CC5h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6D90DFEEh
xor     eax, 0E21F31CEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0EF53F0A8h
xor     eax, 0EE76DE7Ah
xor     eax, 3BF60DEAh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0C724E374h
sub     eax, 0ECE4EA54h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 205F6084h
xor     eax, 7D71393Dh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 41EFAB12h
add     eax, 4BD8D231h
xor     eax, 7D9A4A8Bh
sub     eax, 0E4657D1Dh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5D3A0531h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A3AEAE18h
xor     eax, 0C88F0533h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E2107B23h
xor     eax, 6B48EC8Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 78C3EF8Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6EFED0C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6E243AB2h
sub     eax, 86B8B32Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 18C68B36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3B5152A2h
xor     eax, 0A4E4461Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 6C314466h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A9FA8067h
xor     eax, 5C2A8A8Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0C089F774h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0B7F64899h
sub     eax, 8F2E2411h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 96E6D386h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 335987F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1F2BDFFDh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0F01B1F2Eh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0F8FF4D1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A0D5A71h
xor     eax, 0E2782308h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 6C0CDC1Eh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0C57A62D3h
xor     eax, 163079D9h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9A408186h
sub     eax, 0BD77FB27h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 5EFEC6CAh
add     eax, 3F84C788h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 25CE575Ch
sub     eax, 0D6581DF2h
xor     eax, 0A66B0EC3h
not     eax
add     eax, 7456D618h
sub     eax, 0BB1DC2D9h
add     eax, 0BDF6A675h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 81F0E39Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F9A469E8h
sub     eax, 3CC8741Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5A72C547h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EAB875E0h
xor     eax, 0EF03A11Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 36D9E2DDh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0E803B9D9h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 69E8FD1Eh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 3EB47038h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C36D3639h
add     eax, 2855F27Fh
sub     eax, 156C40BBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DD76001Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FF8BE05Ch
add     eax, 0B1DD85CFh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 5033C1A1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 245C363Bh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 3CAD6BE8h
add     eax, 359E249Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 452975A2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 3B06E80Ah
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0E980D8A2h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 9783550Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 75C7E525h
add     eax, 0DE6BC2F8h
add     eax, 5B699FBFh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C2297D29h
xor     eax, 0ACF693A4h
xor     eax, 31867938h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 77A3647Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A3ED35A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0A23474C0h
add     eax, 4EBBF7AFh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 28E07C3Dh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EDB0C562h
sub     eax, 0CA688AF0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DAEAB944h
add     eax, 0B34832E6h
xor     eax, 5E475119h
not     eax
sub     eax, 18A6B7DAh
xor     eax, 9C382A30h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3FF34AA8h
xor     eax, 666B48CBh
add     eax, 3AFD8229h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 47EE1224h
sub     eax, 4FF872FCh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 9426EB2Bh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 61C23127h
xor     eax, 2986DEF7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 134E1FB2h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 1597245Bh
xor     eax, 0D58B43C4h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D97C0228h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 1BB1EAF6h
sub     eax, 5AFAA4E9h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 80DD1123h
add     eax, 9B1619D5h
sub     eax, 4F396CA0h
xor     eax, 24485DC7h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1181CEC0h
add     eax, 5BB075E9h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 37695FACh
sub     eax, 0E0A58D00h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A0D67532h
xor     eax, 0E77041D0h
add     eax, 0BEF6398Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0F9490773h
add     eax, 28E669A9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1B158658h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0EF83460Ah
xor     eax, 85C95329h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0DBC8777Eh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 8E2841D8h
add     eax, 761A9AB2h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0BA554B17h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0CB0C7D10h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 6380D690h
sub     eax, 86FF1FADh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0DCF63A96h
add     eax, 174BE9CAh
xor     eax, 0D466D150h
sub     eax, 2B79C9BDh
sub     eax, 4E5250C3h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 417D451Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0EDCED97Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 90B3A1BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0C8F22168h
add     eax, 5BD46F8Bh
add     eax, 2895986Fh
add     eax, 33FCD1CEh
add     eax, 5FE35336h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1848FA8Ah
sub     eax, 0F08AEF18h
sub     eax, 4F0537DFh
sub     eax, 2108A668h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 9C19E956h
sub     eax, 0A14C5CDBh
sub     eax, 5B8EF0BFh
add     eax, 0C27D82BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CCCAE0E1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 99B60BF8h
sub     eax, 14066A47h
xor     eax, 65650BDFh
add     eax, 564B3495h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 859334D7h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 7757F264h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5ABB727Ah
xor     eax, 0C388FDF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C238ECBFh
sub     eax, 70913D4Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 90FD6662h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0F01CA6DEh
sub     eax, 44CEAE44h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 964D07EDh
sub     eax, 59D880B3h
xor     eax, 0DBB254C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 37DCE2A2h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0E64A9931h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D292EE5Eh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0D8261A81h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A6370384h
sub     eax, 0A9C679B9h
add     eax, 0FB536BECh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0CBC6C70Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 138A14F4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D28AB876h
xor     eax, 1598AF41h
add     eax, 2DDFA70Ch
add     eax, 1DB6652Ah
sub     eax, 60A29203h
sub     eax, 0A971100Ch
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 845847DCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0E0730BD1h
add     eax, 0A0636AF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D9479F04h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E28513EAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9CB5D23Bh
xor     eax, 0EF774D1Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 585AF816h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CEC9DB66h
sub     eax, 1FCF1367h
sub     eax, 0B2A13810h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0B22CB882h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 803CFDCEh
sub     eax, 93F61797h
xor     eax, 0A443E8BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5A719E36h
add     eax, 7EDF7E8Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 91DE5D99h
sub     eax, 451637EBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0C64B196Ch
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 3E82CD40h
xor     eax, 0E96549FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1A281809h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EDB7210Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 89BE7FC1h
sub     eax, 0F1B064A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6B32D441h
add     eax, 80EAB087h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 43A1140Ch
add     eax, 49DB0718h
sub     eax, 747027BCh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 23C5DDBFh
xor     eax, 215166F5h
sub     eax, 112E9843h
xor     eax, 0F74A3FE0h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0F03E9E7Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 14A19D47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 4D3EB4DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C904F3D7h
xor     eax, 405AC44Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 10B9AF0Ah
sub     eax, 172915C6h
add     eax, 4F28C623h
not     eax
sub     eax, 22E4020Ah
add     eax, 4711E786h
sub     eax, 13D4853Ah
sub     eax, 167A528Ch
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C3435400h
sub     eax, 2F500496h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 895547E0h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0EC673038h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0DA5507B1h
xor     eax, 0ECDAFB7Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 271921E5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 5A58DDFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D818D8BEh
add     eax, 110CAEEEh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F917AD88h
xor     eax, 1C721FC1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7A1E7323h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0BE7C1F32h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DEC7AE87h
sub     eax, 0B72CC38Ch
add     eax, 0DE5C9129h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0FCD7F9A9h
add     eax, 0E8B85226h
not     eax
xor     eax, 82FCE0E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0DFB60357h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9220E760h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F4650D08h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 25DF4209h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C88B0C1Bh
xor     eax, 91F65D37h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0F7CA173Ah
sub     eax, 36E9C9FCh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0D624B9A8h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 2639766Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 888F82ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 25569405h
add     eax, 45B69CA3h
xor     eax, 670BE151h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0C940D663h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 926BAEF6h
xor     eax, 52884AFCh
xor     eax, 0C06EFB02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 411213BCh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0B2685340h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 70ED418Ah
xor     eax, 2BADA148h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 5F3A8783h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0C4318CCFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9C6EBE0Bh
xor     eax, 2B4A3E0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 572C0BA6h
add     eax, 0AB4785EBh
sub     eax, 0FF68AEC1h
add     eax, 7EF8EEE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E66C99A9h
sub     eax, 0BEF369A4h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 5EB9AC55h
sub     eax, 0CB512824h
add     eax, 4B90C550h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AD98BE76h
add     eax, 6C0724D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 176CF5A1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 2E901B02h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 8D185B96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8BBF2BFFh
add     eax, 1968C504h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CABC0B97h
xor     eax, 0C2110DFAh
xor     eax, 0C4E41BA6h
xor     eax, 0EF68AA4Fh
add     eax, 87A82B4Dh
xor     eax, 2E31587Dh
add     eax, 231494E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0E4CD36A7h
sub     eax, 0AFE3AC80h
xor     eax, 45E4A27Eh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 7B8C03CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 28A6ED5Dh
add     eax, 6D1D8EDBh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 4B10C51Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 9EADA951h
xor     eax, 399C18D2h
add     eax, 3797D9F8h
sub     eax, 0A6C6EE72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D2F84062h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BEAEA1DAh
xor     eax, 8E007D9Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2FA58AB0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2792B431h
sub     eax, 7418C228h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 6469D4EDh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 9226E704h
add     eax, 0C69C6A76h
not     eax
sub     eax, 59314DF3h
xor     eax, 66DD7A37h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0D274618Bh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 7559A55Fh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 8853D3F6h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 43F9E78Fh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AEBDDF10h
xor     eax, 0E9BEC5D4h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 6D254A65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0A67E5FF5h
sub     eax, 0BB5923E4h
xor     eax, 0B551068Ah
sub     eax, 3621A72Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0CA758C09h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 16C8BD6Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0D7C96106h
add     eax, 17DDBBE1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0DE9505C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4CA91498h
not     eax
add     eax, 3268CECDh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DF7F15A4h
xor     eax, 7299A274h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E677B1D9h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0FC9D0015h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6A1EE35Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0EF917D7Eh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0E0ABC7D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 57CAE06Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F231A8FDh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E8A1C4DBh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 871ABA5Ah
xor     eax, 0A416ED8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1B7E0568h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 3202E740h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E0FFE3D3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 775FC1FFh
xor     eax, 0DB78CA66h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BE0272DAh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0E5DE9E8Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 350A4160h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B23C37C0h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0A5B1AD51h
add     eax, 83D0A3EBh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 58F0F288h
sub     eax, 0B5BB4CF6h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0D5FB520Dh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0DEA41A2Ch
xor     eax, 0A68C3528h
xor     eax, 56B68720h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1A18964Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 3E1F0377h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0B1916753h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 8944DF5Fh
xor     eax, 1552A1D7h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 73DC4667h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0D4B2DE7Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 1F58A084h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 58DFD5ADh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0E513E3F4h
add     eax, 21461B32h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 50EDEF62h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8A68018Bh
add     eax, 38E6235Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 4C7EF255h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 29C16030h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0DCA8C715h
sub     eax, 37DBC07Fh
xor     eax, 0D6661530h
add     eax, 0A15DA894h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 73CCBBFCh
sub     eax, 460164B7h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 4F62B9F9h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 18F1C6C3h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 4014D51Ch
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 4B3A4A34h
add     eax, 227BE651h
xor     eax, 2EA09CA3h
xor     eax, 1B417C08h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 3B4BD95Eh
sub     eax, 0C0BB2D85h
not     eax
xor     eax, 59411696h
add     eax, 4BCE21AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 77D544B8h
xor     eax, 0D2875D8Dh
xor     eax, 0BC4E2A03h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 4F33908Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 42795113h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2DB416A9h
xor     eax, 0B52CCFE0h
sub     eax, 29179958h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A35709C9h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 8BE80D9Fh
add     eax, 0B375B42Ch
add     eax, 92F4B4DFh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 5E89460Eh
xor     eax, 619DBF49h
sub     eax, 13C1B1F3h
sub     eax, 0A567313Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 4874D3A4h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B7510F4Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8D05CCE4h
sub     eax, 0D64E325Ah
xor     eax, 7873A132h
add     eax, 0EF1DCBD7h
xor     eax, 37C562C2h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 26577DE4h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 3974A177h
add     eax, 0F22BE23Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0AB40D3D6h
add     eax, 4AA48999h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0AC2C9E22h
xor     eax, 70900A8Ah
add     eax, 4A63599Fh
sub     eax, 10139566h
add     eax, 83365C56h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 8A879323h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 357C6141h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 33642C9Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 86AADC81h
sub     eax, 843C6DEEh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 3CACEB46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 8AABD26Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 54B08C09h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 2ABAD4F0h
add     eax, 76DB156Bh
sub     eax, 0D6407991h
sub     eax, 0CE6D6F34h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9BA45267h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0C4AAB0B9h
sub     eax, 4B120439h
sub     eax, 288DF6B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E03BA756h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0A979A0E9h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 7BE5809Dh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 8A358C5Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 8E401CA9h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2BB852A0h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3C3B14DAh
xor     eax, 50EED441h
sub     eax, 0C600D7CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AA28435Ah
add     eax, 6E9393B0h
add     eax, 0EB198547h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2CD04599h
add     eax, 0E2A87D3Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0E5F522D6h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 5CC20245h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0F4F96AFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 19F97808h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0D1969D25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 58763C65h
add     eax, 9DA6C191h
add     eax, 0AFB0A95Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2DD86BEDh
add     eax, 46C98C26h
xor     eax, 0A3E58685h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0BB777385h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0C4EDFAA8h
xor     eax, 0ED2CF487h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0C446F28Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0D3093F5Eh
sub     eax, 8E48AC95h
add     eax, 0E5F82F6Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0EF6A1452h
sub     eax, 0A3A24ABBh
add     eax, 3E1663EEh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 119408D9h
add     eax, 0AE95FC81h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 90F59A4Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BA601F8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 77CB567Eh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0CA3480CCh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B7739D44h
sub     eax, 8B31A831h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F28D77A2h
sub     eax, 0E2832FCFh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0DDC95B92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 49A02EEDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5552366Bh
add     eax, 0F31C0DD3h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0D49640A5h
xor     eax, 5CBA18AEh
add     eax, 6B521524h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E9D679BAh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 7EE07149h
add     eax, 0DA5771CFh
sub     eax, 9306B624h
add     eax, 5E2A4343h
sub     eax, 86F00E8Ch
sub     eax, 96E4B0CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6F3291ADh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CFED3E0Fh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 0E2944E75h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0CC00BC61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B49B07CAh
xor     eax, 0D052B1FBh
sub     eax, 56AB5C2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E9660025h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F5522754h
xor     eax, 3B437609h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 15B1EF2Eh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0CB40477Ch
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 5C0D287Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AA06C8A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DD98F823h
sub     eax, 4CA7BD80h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B57041F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8FD6007Eh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 30C0F648h
xor     eax, 90974ABFh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 991EBC71h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 8FB16186h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 30082787h
add     eax, 332A1A26h
sub     eax, 3B645C7Fh
xor     eax, 1ECBCC70h
xor     eax, 0D3EFD9F9h
sub     eax, 9598847Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5A27AEBAh
sub     eax, 55D81839h
add     eax, 172919ECh
sub     eax, 74357922h
sub     eax, 0A3003252h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B17387FDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 6F19C791h
add     eax, 7B10590Dh
xor     eax, 0DD3623FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 83EA9C9Eh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B08809E2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7F82D3AAh
xor     eax, 0D83228DFh
sub     eax, 8D11A689h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 34A18768h
add     eax, 0D5F8C0ABh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0BB55830Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 87B4DFA6h
add     eax, 53B07310h
add     eax, 0B0DA61B2h
xor     eax, 27CAE071h
add     eax, 3B9D7232h
sub     eax, 1AB7A6C4h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 0F7814FB5h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0F53BC0BCh
add     eax, 30CD7070h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 234672DDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F6EAF027h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ABB6C803h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7BE5AC86h
xor     eax, 208266FEh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E0B7C2F4h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EBB50096h
add     eax, 8889B321h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0DA6DFE89h
sub     eax, 0D713B7FBh
xor     eax, 20BBA86Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B40F39EBh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 6AE5A490h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0A56B37B4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B0FF988Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 10ECEF88h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D78EF8FCh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BABBFA71h
add     eax, 7E46CC39h
sub     eax, 0BCFDEC2Fh
xor     eax, 4810CB3Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0E3B2C0EFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D44A1A2Fh
sub     eax, 0CE39460Bh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0BAB3C9DEh
xor     eax, 0EF87C420h
sub     eax, 325CE40Dh
add     eax, 9CC16DE6h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0EBCE85A2h
add     eax, 0DA60E0C4h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 25148039h
add     eax, 0FE32CA88h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 4253AD49h
not     eax
add     eax, 0ED10288Dh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 38C14332h
sub     eax, 8DA46F41h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7F08AC69h
add     eax, 84BACE75h
add     eax, 0EA0A4183h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0B0F1EFECh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0DCEE824Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0A4652F18h
xor     eax, 46F83227h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F2640760h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 3EA2A45Fh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CB335168h
sub     eax, 0CBC8AC2Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 39225D4Bh
add     eax, 9A46E019h
add     eax, 0A279052Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 57D8C4F0h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0CB499396h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 30732EB8h
add     eax, 0FAC2D008h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B7160F96h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0FB0D4734h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 67C212D4h
xor     eax, 5670A301h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0F764C0BFh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0D36327FEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E4771E58h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 220AFCBDh
xor     eax, 33989F55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 44987474h
sub     eax, 2D04B761h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 859B18F4h
sub     eax, 7FE9E183h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F7E5BD72h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 62370BA9h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C092121Dh
sub     eax, 4330D06Eh
add     eax, 0F1C86897h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 1A2BBA21h
sub     eax, 98162832h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0CFB72BF0h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DE6ED922h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 38918762h
xor     eax, 65E00FE3h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0AC077D9Bh
sub     eax, 0D2BB5288h
add     eax, 0FB38650Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B3F8E164h
xor     eax, 6A7C6435h
sub     eax, 201FFC40h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0C946CD2Eh
add     eax, 0E2A751C0h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0FCFBD380h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 48894C53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 69B3774Ah
sub     eax, 0F85A578Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BB7AA5E9h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D052EC48h
sub     eax, 0EEEA005Dh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 8A94B4DDh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 347083A8h
sub     eax, 583C7B9Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 3C6C998Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 17CB618Eh
add     eax, 532D025Fh
sub     eax, 0D845B0BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 711AFEE7h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B122E27Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9F97EB2Dh
xor     eax, 703BE7A2h
add     eax, 0AC3D4C54h
xor     eax, 0AA6459D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 23D493F3h
xor     eax, 9E5F13CEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 52EA3690h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 3CD3DDCCh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0A30F6DC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F2082B51h
xor     eax, 3A86CFCFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 6DBECB2Fh
xor     eax, 0B19624FAh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0B3D85A51h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2F5B4CCCh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0DDB3E70Ch
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C80F1633h
add     eax, 0CE2BD915h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0A0266348h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0F95072F8h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 1BC17FA7h
xor     eax, 0B58A358Ah
add     eax, 2DCCD8D1h
add     eax, 83073D3Bh
xor     eax, 0DCD5DF34h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 909A4310h
xor     eax, 83BEBE2Bh
xor     eax, 0DF68E145h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E2E41543h
add     eax, 8F2C64BFh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BBCF2219h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 7216AB54h
xor     eax, 1DE83576h
xor     eax, 0ABC776F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 72CF7152h
add     eax, 53557477h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 90B75A43h
sub     eax, 7B2B7EFBh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 373262D8h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3B654C65h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 1EBCB853h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C5829B32h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B6FFF3FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 8586C06Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3DB245F9h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 27D5C9D9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 85D01A9Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0FB52ACB9h
xor     eax, 7DCCAB04h
xor     eax, 0D6FA9776h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 2430FEFBh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0D0D8FEACh
sub     eax, 22C9FF93h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B422C5A3h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 62408128h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A7712FA0h
add     eax, 0B050B013h
add     eax, 94F4A61Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 928E638Fh
sub     eax, 0CF936345h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B0FE18E8h
xor     eax, 0D50E59C0h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 72E5702Eh
xor     eax, 0CA7D3D71h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 3F825B06h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F74ECB26h
sub     eax, 0AB47BAE4h
sub     eax, 0E8DC16E1h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 26DDF7B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 4EEAEDD5h
xor     eax, 1D3459C1h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 9F99FDD3h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0AFF375CCh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0DA0C0795h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C944639Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 9838F9E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 6F46976Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0DF8B2D11h
add     eax, 2D4A5251h
sub     eax, 5F310FDAh
sub     eax, 0FB27DB70h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0EFFEF6F7h
add     eax, 0CE0E95DBh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 63DDF631h
xor     eax, 1FA65198h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 7DD47F7Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 2182461Eh
sub     eax, 921267C4h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A6753A08h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 95D2D6E6h
add     eax, 0D4B3FD25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 315016ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 351F9599h
sub     eax, 50064CB4h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 10AD603Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C58AFEDAh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 7075AF7Eh
sub     eax, 510C081Ch
add     eax, 0DEF44023h
sub     eax, 4F9B0201h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 4AB684D1h
sub     eax, 209FF74Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 10A94BD6h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 339EDCAAh
add     eax, 0B1BBA273h
xor     eax, 0EB8C2E1Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0A898AD4Eh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 6CA75B8Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ED21163Fh
add     eax, 24BA2826h
add     eax, 0C3D5F337h
add     eax, 0A3B9048Ah
xor     eax, 73B981D9h
sub     eax, 0D92751A7h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 663D4855h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 17FCE2ABh
not     eax
add     eax, 8A53F0B4h
add     eax, 0D56BC9EAh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 1ACE9097h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 296A6430h
add     eax, 7FA16A2Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DF4E6FF1h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 83BF7434h
xor     eax, 0FDA7998Ch
add     eax, 0E5902500h
add     eax, 97EAAE72h
add     eax, 0AB9A3237h
sub     eax, 2ED63B4Ah
xor     eax, 54EC1B26h
add     eax, 9600C537h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 59CA3572h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 18982AF5h
sub     eax, 49C1EDE8h
xor     eax, 0C301E429h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0C4877FBEh
sub     eax, 0B58A4F61h
not     eax
xor     eax, 766C35A4h
add     eax, 3D9F1195h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 301D719Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1EC5767Eh
add     eax, 10C3D312h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5F308EE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0E8848336h
sub     eax, 78BFC5ECh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 4DE7724Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 702E1077h
not     eax
add     eax, 9D0F00C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4C9E90B5h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 88FA9A89h
sub     eax, 0D13EF5EDh
sub     eax, 0E768EEAFh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 1D3741FAh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 9D7ACA85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0C69F47F5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BC836CBCh
sub     eax, 83B8B752h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0A2F16926h
sub     eax, 11EACAB8h
xor     eax, 6554DD49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C9779F39h
add     eax, 5D878D42h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E2DEAD24h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0C5D180B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 0CECF8096h
xor     eax, 0D1F6163Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8D45675Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 909EB88Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 2DDC4D48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C04545E2h
sub     eax, 0B5222B47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0B6514713h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D0688DABh
sub     eax, 66E2EABDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0E76DCA03h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 140FD625h
add     eax, 0A8BCFB90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 441002BEh
xor     eax, 0FBB7D57Bh
xor     eax, 0AC1E14C3h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 988B2543h
add     eax, 3D5918AFh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 556CE1CEh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 7912119Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 64592E48h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 59BB5AFBh
sub     eax, 0BD4748A0h
sub     eax, 0C3ACBF01h
xor     eax, 0A76C45ABh
sub     eax, 0E30CCD9Bh
xor     eax, 9BA8381Ah
xor     eax, 0B3606D7Fh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0D3B42C13h
add     eax, 840524A8h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 7F7B8395h
not     eax
add     eax, 3BFF0846h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 4385D98Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A1F9AC6Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0D7DA21B3h
add     eax, 9293B711h
xor     eax, 93C451D3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C282CF0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 631BC213h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4CA382D0h
sub     eax, 0AE42011Eh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B08C0A93h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 1958CB3Eh
xor     eax, 506FF600h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C32D6C12h
add     eax, 212473E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 87EA42C7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 965E5DF0h
xor     eax, 3DB9D188h
xor     eax, 1A9F955Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 4A606B87h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2D970992h
not     eax
sub     eax, 11194C28h
add     eax, 5FD39BCDh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A654E44Fh
add     eax, 0FC593E3Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4F44B5D0h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0AD16DDB0h
xor     eax, 29971ED5h
sub     eax, 0A28FEECFh
sub     eax, 0A1E02380h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 45C80D10h
sub     eax, 0D0DC96D0h
xor     eax, 3345913Eh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 7739D70Dh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0B692DCB5h
sub     eax, 0B0AB6527h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 109C3528h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0C9FE4C7Ah
sub     eax, 87B3CAADh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FC6F405Dh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0D88D487Bh
xor     eax, 0CD5C249Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 948E4AA0h
xor     eax, 0E9B59865h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4D00036Bh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 7876CD33h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5AFB4888h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 665D187Bh
xor     eax, 425C34C5h
xor     eax, 0D3D96876h
xor     eax, 0ED444EE4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 57AD78DDh
add     eax, 403BCD22h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0EF26BCC2h
xor     eax, 15614AFDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 846F3EEBh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0D0E1D72Ch
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 17426D2Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0DFE59FCFh
add     eax, 14F94BA4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 28617F74h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 5092DB3Fh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 3EA5492Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 42CCDD42h
sub     eax, 0A538A53Ch
add     eax, 0B9D91044h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 36EF574Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 8D893133h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C17A611Ch
add     eax, 7FDF7726h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0F214236Bh
add     eax, 0CA224756h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A4EDC7D1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4EF04C4Ch
sub     eax, 0D9BF7EC8h
xor     eax, 0E6F24D3Dh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B3C96433h
sub     eax, 77FAA02Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 32D24F9Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 408D4AC3h
sub     eax, 0B2945A9Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8C9A5176h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 252F7F97h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 952C6CD3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 1CF952D1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DBF3AA9Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EC0982ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D716BD99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B76BF1C7h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9B1223CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A8986919h
add     eax, 2AD9CF35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C7536A17h
add     eax, 286F2F0Eh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 1C4662C2h
sub     eax, 0C3550E6Eh
add     eax, 8506E84Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0DA028A12h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 97D92F33h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 429640D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F81D3525h
not     eax
xor     eax, 211D703Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4E5CA720h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 97DB5881h
xor     eax, 0FD3EFC29h
sub     eax, 0C7AF7771h
xor     eax, 5BD04C0Fh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 3F193D39h
add     eax, 0A9A3F97Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0E46B2A69h
xor     eax, 0E2AB4545h
sub     eax, 0D3BD61C8h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 32E4E3D5h
add     eax, 720A8CE5h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 4E873D5Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 592A1130h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0E5F02159h
sub     eax, 5D5B6C00h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0BB2C67FDh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 619D0BD8h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 2BF363F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7D036C2Dh
xor     eax, 6F9C74A9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 501BCCDBh
add     eax, 0A1459E8Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 5E2970A2h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0E5FA702Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 341CAD76h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 173B9C60h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DD680619h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 39B16E76h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 827DB0FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 70BE79C0h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2A96BCF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5BF8FCEAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EB0979F5h
sub     eax, 4D7AE733h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 4B0F7B89h
not     eax
xor     eax, 285B1423h
add     eax, 0ED15341Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7A0FAD38h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 83B7A990h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5C557385h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B7121C7Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6768AB12h
sub     eax, 8CB38270h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B2F5F163h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 73283FE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F41CE42Eh
xor     eax, 0F20F02CEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 38E3BCBCh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 4B409834h
xor     eax, 0C6D2E7BDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DE73D73Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 336A18DEh
xor     eax, 3BC2B4CBh
add     eax, 0C8CB1DC4h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0B6C1C053h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 352A96EEh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 5AC7535Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0EFD5FA87h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8D7637B9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 6E6DCF04h
sub     eax, 0CB3650E9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3686754Bh
xor     eax, 0E5481C48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 6836F279h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A281CC6Dh
sub     eax, 409B48D1h
add     eax, 87BABD13h
xor     eax, 0B35923E6h
sub     eax, 93FAB56Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 695F191Ah
xor     eax, 0EFA5F49Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A781B973h
xor     eax, 0E87D5A21h
sub     eax, 1F6EA0A8h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3B29DA71h
add     eax, 0C168FE7Bh
xor     eax, 41E0E67Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9832A9B6h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 18281897h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 2B2487CBh
sub     eax, 0EFA6BB4Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 9CC8D53Ch
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C4CD6483h
xor     eax, 1EE79D25h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6C6A6459h
add     eax, 0B87F3074h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D8B41E19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 24154186h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D63A9189h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3E80A789h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 2CDED5E4h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2BE42554h
xor     eax, 0A7B7E5C3h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7E011281h
sub     eax, 0D48134A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3F01E97Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0EBCB36E8h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 40580A8Bh
sub     eax, 76B97FBCh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E0407006h
sub     eax, 3EF54790h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0D1530693h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 748365ABh
add     eax, 56CC3C29h
sub     eax, 837B874Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E7BB4E67h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0D14390B4h
add     eax, 0B8E0E463h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 449FF407h
add     eax, 93629304h
xor     eax, 0CE75EAD2h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0BA33D332h
sub     eax, 0ED280F3Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 83DC3B6Bh
xor     eax, 7EE5940Ch
sub     eax, 4F4EFC57h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 2CA8DD99h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0C9F177C0h
sub     eax, 6FF83C5Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0DC9CC2A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0DE3427BFh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 9A157676h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 9790BAA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B3451A51h
sub     eax, 0A8CE73A2h
sub     eax, 12C80FBEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 80B043B8h
sub     eax, 36635D63h
add     eax, 61B9C418h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1A7536F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D8620E12h
add     eax, 49D029F2h
add     eax, 818B05A1h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 8F631BECh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 9E909034h
sub     eax, 56ABEB0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4B71DEBFh
xor     eax, 0E7D0D0E0h
xor     eax, 0A07A40C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3AA8FC68h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C49684A0h
sub     eax, 0FD3D5369h
sub     eax, 3721000Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0AB30B99Eh
add     eax, 0AB740ADBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 9B704F73h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0D6EB95D7h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 2E55274Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0F48DC4EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7EF1FCECh
xor     eax, 13B7C444h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9B02E7AEh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 98F2C077h
add     eax, 13659E45h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 43B606F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D5079E37h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9DFA0949h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 4CD55ADCh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 33518E02h
sub     eax, 5059CB3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E6B7EB64h
not     eax
xor     eax, 27A77341h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7377B47Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 453B1BCEh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 2E543DEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A15B4ECAh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0B4D75372h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1B911FD2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4BE4B7AAh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 116C27B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A0CAFDACh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0A01289ACh
sub     eax, 0D65852DBh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 62686117h
add     eax, 80D93661h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 9C832B3Bh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D87C4E6Eh
add     eax, 40869A81h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 37990DC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A385A4A0h
xor     eax, 977119CEh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C4CACC0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 95BC451Fh
sub     eax, 5AFAD47Bh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 451569AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0D0EC72E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9C7B97DAh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0DA5D182Eh
add     eax, 0DB34AD14h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 10A45A43h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0C2610133h
sub     eax, 65C52F26h
add     eax, 0F46F63FEh
sub     eax, 4D167A98h
add     eax, 0EFF0E58Fh
xor     eax, 60C6C92Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0A69C38BBh
add     eax, 35C1AC67h
sub     eax, 40A45F08h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2E33A6F1h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 10305DA3h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 5380EB66h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 4171A481h
add     eax, 63503D5Fh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 8783DA1Bh
add     eax, 9C000381h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4EF3CDB7h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0DC4EEDABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E349C255h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0DE4EE631h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 977FA5D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 3773D98Ah
sub     eax, 4E521A84h
xor     eax, 0A1B98757h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0DE1DE4B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D1266BA2h
add     eax, 4A94E5F6h
xor     eax, 0ECB053D9h
add     eax, 39AD3D99h
sub     eax, 533FAEFFh
add     eax, 27610007h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 39932489h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0A3AA7537h
xor     eax, 0B6BA5B43h
sub     eax, 8D247BFFh
sub     eax, 100061F3h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 8E536EFEh
add     eax, 93BD0826h
sub     eax, 41D96C54h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0DB3D4298h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AF40E691h
sub     eax, 7DDAC5DFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 29408162h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 619A53D8h
add     eax, 16F57B20h
xor     eax, 4CEF709Ch
xor     eax, 7C9AEA58h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 558884A2h
xor     eax, 622E0452h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8B7091EEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0A40157D8h
sub     eax, 730627E7h
xor     eax, 3A60AFC5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0CFA122CBh
xor     eax, 33A79B4Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BD357A7Ch
xor     eax, 9F5FA0C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4B8C4555h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BF748EDDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 186C36CDh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0BCF17D7Ah
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BEDE8377h
sub     eax, 3ACA53BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 94B4468Dh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F4088264h
sub     eax, 0F89F3FC1h
sub     eax, 9B94AECEh
add     eax, 3C4F0342h
xor     eax, 2B4D975Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5542FE62h
sub     eax, 6096CD76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0DA5400D7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5A497550h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 60B9F45Dh
add     eax, 3F711A96h
add     eax, 0D133FCDEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 357CAA69h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 57EA36C0h
add     eax, 9C55A847h
add     eax, 0F616C61Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 682648F6h
xor     eax, 49B69663h
add     eax, 9F1A2556h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 450B5D77h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DA86A767h
add     eax, 1B00AEF9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3D2D4CADh
xor     eax, 1E29FBFBh
sub     eax, 1E4F1555h
not     eax
add     eax, 79079325h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 74F09E30h
xor     eax, 1B83B7E7h
sub     eax, 9646F1B6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A481F9D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8FB7732Eh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 82153258h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 254146D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 147BB557h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 16BB63E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B7D7A54Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 979BE24Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 1CBAFCCEh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0F4B0FFA6h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FD4AB4A3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 29D7FBF1h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 3F01BB49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 75948454h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 77527EC9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 4C728ED9h
xor     eax, 9E68695Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D45730A4h
xor     eax, 4444D6B6h
xor     eax, 0EB9DD899h
sub     eax, 8D9E7EEBh
xor     eax, 365B4511h
xor     eax, 8B80A5BEh
sub     eax, 21E7C22Bh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 4BB58936h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 30D8C7AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C01BE9DCh
sub     eax, 0BF84AAC3h
sub     eax, 9DAA65C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D88E80A0h
sub     eax, 0C587A4A2h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0DF92A458h
sub     eax, 7341F63Ch
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 9728EC98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 6AF1DDB0h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 53E1BD30h
xor     eax, 0ED4450F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FBA80F00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B2D992B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 9421A06Ah
sub     eax, 0C75A5DE8h
sub     eax, 0FA95C3B2h
add     eax, 0F3D5CEFBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0F5C268F7h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 232492ACh
xor     eax, 0B9D7DDDCh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0B8B4ED9Fh
sub     eax, 0C337C4DCh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 44549C92h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 44702EE1h
sub     eax, 0C3319AADh
sub     eax, 0C66D99BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 1C4ABF9Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0C314046Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 8EBC6C21h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 1C8893F2h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 76A75A49h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4188B3A1h
not     eax
add     eax, 819FCB9Eh
xor     eax, 0B4575195h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DA826582h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A0ED10E6h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0DDD0A3C1h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 354442FCh
add     eax, 9CC2790Ch
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 374F5751h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2627E517h
xor     eax, 0CD03DE2Dh
sub     eax, 391A976Bh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 5D612F27h
sub     eax, 60D2ECD9h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 88842ED7h
xor     eax, 60AFB516h
sub     eax, 8AF74F0Dh
sub     eax, 0FBCA873Bh
add     eax, 0DEF21851h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 13757181h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0C353E86Bh
xor     eax, 3AA737C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 742606BDh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B88FAFADh
add     eax, 59966BFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2774657Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 6DA961EAh
add     eax, 67D810AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 45C3483Ch
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0C1CBF3B7h
add     eax, 0D72CEFF7h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BB75C2BBh
not     eax
add     eax, 1BEFDE13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6581929Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A68A0BF8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CF89ABCBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1242FC46h
add     eax, 338C76F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 55045D2Eh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0C04A6EC1h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0E4B4E194h
sub     eax, 77525D35h
sub     eax, 0E72675A6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 600C85B2h
xor     eax, 6E8C86DEh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 9423A7ABh
add     eax, 706838C5h
xor     eax, 39F87287h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 9277AB57h
xor     eax, 914F838Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 70900FFFh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 2993108Ch
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 728D77A2h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 4655833Ah
add     eax, 67474467h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 6D5F4AF8h
not     eax
add     eax, 93BFB856h
xor     eax, 2D0B9B33h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0D29551E0h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 4364059Fh
sub     eax, 22CDB653h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D6C06423h
add     eax, 0B026520Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 113B4E0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E1E76F65h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7BAF2457h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CA524A4Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 581376C5h
add     eax, 0BB9C2A49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 397069CAh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0E1BB99A5h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 85658CC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 51B26834h
xor     eax, 42070E28h
sub     eax, 89D7CB3Eh
sub     eax, 4363D3FAh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CCD45C46h
add     eax, 0DB524E9Fh
xor     eax, 38A84133h
sub     eax, 0AA07E305h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3976CCD4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 55CCAB44h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0B58B8608h
sub     eax, 0ECAB603Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 90B3E8DEh
xor     eax, 0E894E0B9h
xor     eax, 0C6DBE11Eh
xor     eax, 0EA61244Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1B4D1DE2h
add     eax, 0E61D701Bh
add     eax, 0A86936E3h
not     eax
add     eax, 829FDA1Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C0BAE842h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EA7AA7C6h
sub     eax, 0FBE05184h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 64F04C34h
sub     eax, 7B186AAAh
sub     eax, 9758DC6Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0C537A807h
xor     eax, 2492F9D0h
xor     eax, 0C2CEB4C7h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0D6F6C194h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 4E293F01h
xor     eax, 0B23E7F40h
add     eax, 4E2022D6h
sub     eax, 0AAB19D4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C758C8A9h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9846C636h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0B6895D4Ch
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4DD810D9h
add     eax, 8AC8D35Fh
add     eax, 0F28B987Fh
xor     eax, 9F5CA7ADh
xor     eax, 817CC834h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 80D9EDA8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0B1A5F791h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 6B384805h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9C6F108Ch
sub     eax, 9FEDEF23h
add     eax, 0B12A7D83h
add     eax, 47747690h
xor     eax, 79C976DFh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0EE94822Bh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 5F272068h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7644761h
xor     eax, 300D7A4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4929F9ACh
sub     eax, 7F81F40Dh
add     eax, 5352FA67h
xor     eax, 45CAE535h
sub     eax, 7058C4D3h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 71D9440Fh
add     eax, 0FE91F0EAh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 9818CDB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F8BCF14Eh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0EDD1CB18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E4FEFD46h
sub     eax, 6122BFABh
sub     eax, 614C2E90h
xor     eax, 161F9748h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EE28665Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 31E0C5A4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A8E1CC95h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 9515BB8Ah
add     eax, 0B7913311h
sub     eax, 607E8E23h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BD9E649Dh
add     eax, 0FB52AACFh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D4553B23h
sub     eax, 62E7BDBFh
sub     eax, 325E7558h
xor     eax, 60EAFAAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0D5179100h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 8B3BD26Bh
sub     eax, 8AE55F63h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D4F94059h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B6851B93h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0D2E8696Eh
add     eax, 872B7AB9h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 97BAF2C6h
sub     eax, 5CE37596h
xor     eax, 368EC037h
sub     eax, 6AB0EBC7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 51163699h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 14DE01F8h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 9925DC25h
sub     eax, 0E9069884h
add     eax, 11034C6Ah
xor     eax, 0D338CE92h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 21D965EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C1219D15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0A369A579h
add     eax, 286CE06Eh
sub     eax, 11702CD8h
add     eax, 9FB1AEF4h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0B0E6C22Bh
sub     eax, 0D9784824h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EA3077CDh
xor     eax, 44CCCE0Ah
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 2DA6F525h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D65A22CAh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0E9F35A36h
sub     eax, 0D31FA522h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 29A58B50h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 4DFDFF66h
sub     eax, 996BC346h
xor     eax, 65268EFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CDACA70Bh
xor     eax, 6EC425D9h
xor     eax, 31EBCAABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 38C2A680h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0C512109Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ED19237Dh
sub     eax, 97FE6A57h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 28015BC2h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0A00495B0h
add     eax, 0A85FE030h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 813B6CCEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0D0A45C6Fh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A695F9ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 16100282h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5C1B8B0Fh
sub     eax, 8E97BE16h
sub     eax, 53D57EB4h
sub     eax, 0B5D827E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 7014D2A1h
add     eax, 0AEF37EB9h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A166E683h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0EB46765Eh
xor     eax, 8042B24Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8A9C9D0Ah
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 60D2CE93h
sub     eax, 0B758D595h
add     eax, 0E4DCEB7Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0CEBF9F95h
xor     eax, 945C9F62h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 51BBE67Fh
xor     eax, 0CFB0C8E8h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D7AB3651h
add     eax, 14E0E4BEh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 9B0C73FFh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 7DE59C61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 6C658F2Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A5339024h
add     eax, 593E9EFCh
xor     eax, 515BC9B7h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 6DB131DBh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0C63AE140h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 1BDE511Ch
add     eax, 0DE3FB548h
xor     eax, 6DFD5571h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 5DDCC4FBh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 223540F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D0170C6Bh
xor     eax, 0B4AC8337h
xor     eax, 0A6EFFA7Ah
sub     eax, 13A61004h
add     eax, 72A76E65h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FA0BC105h
sub     eax, 2A0D99CCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 5B84D1EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E8B1E77Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2EF1BA49h
not     eax
add     eax, 184B3B2Eh
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 984E1F4Eh
xor     eax, 0D211DB9Bh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0EEF20FB9h
add     eax, 0EFBD2637h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0F91603D6h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0DA8D9E10h
add     eax, 0D12B26BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2EBED61Bh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 9984F2ADh
sub     eax, 0F3CE7027h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 94177DF5h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0BC174F4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A128D8E7h
xor     eax, 58994F6Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C08CBC91h
xor     eax, 6442E806h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0B2D19290h
add     eax, 0C1A50DB3h
sub     eax, 0B8EA6C93h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 976F65A3h
add     eax, 0B62D8776h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7689FEB3h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0BE54ABC0h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0B32FCCCFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 571C84EEh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 5CB50C98h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0DB673DDDh
xor     eax, 4C57264Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0AA0EB248h
xor     eax, 0BA35A4C5h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 593D0C32h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 7D4E5B25h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0CF114A74h
xor     eax, 1D3378CAh
xor     eax, 0AC4C13D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9D5212C3h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0DFD99775h
sub     eax, 0F97505A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8E4D3423h
xor     eax, 4D4914DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6881B857h
sub     eax, 82130953h
add     eax, 753BF6F5h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0F7C98106h
sub     eax, 5712D630h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0A38630B3h
sub     eax, 4AE990E6h
sub     eax, 0E1B35D5Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3D653B01h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C895DE7Eh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0EE670696h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A5CE7781h
xor     eax, 0E7E868A0h
add     eax, 0DF3E1AB3h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 19AC7944h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2D124D96h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A3D2C5FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ED1EDEFBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 88BAF3FCh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0DB032CA3h
xor     eax, 0E510B6EEh
add     eax, 569306DCh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3044684Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0B6166DBEh
add     eax, 0CBF130FFh
add     eax, 488C1CC5h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D76E0CE4h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 4E9A7AFEh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 87EF9606h
not     eax
sub     eax, 48B70215h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 126236E7h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 9ADBD7D1h
xor     eax, 92552208h
add     eax, 60E8570Bh
sub     eax, 1D0AF98Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0C9D6366Ah
add     eax, 7A1270BBh
sub     eax, 2832575Fh
sub     eax, 0D399BD4Ch
add     eax, 0EECB9F61h
xor     eax, 72359CF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0E6C7BA2Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 56316846h
xor     eax, 0A9BC9A67h
not     eax
sub     eax, 237032E4h
xor     eax, 0EF8777C2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 75CC9983h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8CA87D67h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0B9FC5E04h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 6EA3AEFBh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0BCFE5734h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 23F97F72h
xor     eax, 0A5CD8171h
add     eax, 0FE5B09C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 181A1DEDh
xor     eax, 8991A9B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 12A931BAh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0F6A76819h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8E7874B3h
add     eax, 38843074h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BDD1656Dh
sub     eax, 7CF4A949h
sub     eax, 134CAC78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EA6410CBh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0EF5930E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D7C8E5B1h
add     eax, 0FF3F8879h
xor     eax, 0BE01E8C3h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 94E20626h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4A60D7D8h
add     eax, 0CDC7499Ah
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0E9AC95A3h
sub     eax, 0ECD9A18Fh
add     eax, 26F9FB7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9721E2ADh
xor     eax, 0BF2C5B3Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 6160CDBEh
add     eax, 63288EDEh
xor     eax, 8A71A4E3h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 381DEA2Dh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 71187236h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 9B917D79h
sub     eax, 66E3B46Fh
add     eax, 18D45E3Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0BACE7073h
not     eax
sub     eax, 797CF0B1h
xor     eax, 43756F2Ch
add     eax, 341F3717h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FB46A90Eh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0DA848582h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BFC01D26h
sub     eax, 607F5B59h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0B8286C95h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 2254AD14h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 83215B5Bh
add     eax, 410CB02Eh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0F7ACDAA8h
xor     eax, 0D8B13684h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CD7D4755h
sub     eax, 435F78FFh
sub     eax, 910A4187h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0A4703343h
xor     eax, 51D672E7h
add     eax, 0C096DF79h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C9A8EFA2h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 66BC02B3h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 43113C8Ah
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C53549D9h
add     eax, 0EB924F9Dh
add     eax, 7A4B8851h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C0F5432Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7C50A11Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2EA2499Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 546F3388h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C57C7E07h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FE4D6C92h
sub     eax, 74DBF637h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 7508223Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 52E6A724h
add     eax, 0DA453F98h
xor     eax, 159D9F47h
sub     eax, 797CC93Eh
add     eax, 6175155Ch
sub     eax, 8A8D18E3h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 38CAFE1Dh
xor     eax, 59BD5CCDh
sub     eax, 1155A575h
not     eax
add     eax, 19E349C9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 624CF6A8h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8C581BC4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6F739E58h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0A2F81E1Ah
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 3F38E7C3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 4267C23Fh
add     eax, 2ABAC9E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 41BFDDC4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EB1DE2E9h
xor     eax, 0DA91DA9Eh
sub     eax, 19872514h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 20A81765h
sub     eax, 1AF7AD76h
add     eax, 80B3CCC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 84FD782Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E92AD744h
xor     eax, 0B2FD85AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B7930E7Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 559DDD1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 5FBDE768h
sub     eax, 6DCDD677h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 62AD2622h
sub     eax, 0B794F6A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 1E27FBE9h
add     eax, 0BE187A83h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 4649CC54h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CBF02F5Eh
xor     eax, 0D6264342h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D20DBDD6h
add     eax, 5DC702C1h
xor     eax, 0D636AA32h
sub     eax, 0E36C8ED1h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0CF394D8Eh
add     eax, 0A7C00B32h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 3C585CDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9756641Eh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 35DF8D48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5C7DFD1Bh
sub     eax, 33B7D10Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 35E34E8Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 70D37D89h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 574CF20Bh
sub     eax, 6A64D75Dh
add     eax, 77F92CF6h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 5CB732A1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0F5F8E7BBh
sub     eax, 0AD18F065h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 16CC0C67h
add     eax, 65262257h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0F1487C8Fh
xor     eax, 0F30B9F89h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6A6F3092h
sub     eax, 469D9DF6h
sub     eax, 235AF859h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 25BD30B8h
sub     eax, 0B57F3C08h
xor     eax, 0CBE81E78h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 62F1D971h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0B6080C75h
xor     eax, 541DB63Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0AECA1195h
add     eax, 4191E8A3h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0DDD7D1CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0F8D3E414h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0D3A524B3h
xor     eax, 2961733Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 1843DCB7h
add     eax, 0AB868396h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3156E7ECh
add     eax, 9671AF43h
sub     eax, 0A4829BD2h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B21078F7h
xor     eax, 53F96818h
add     eax, 0F5BE0A4Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DC131A3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0DC128D89h
xor     eax, 1D685BA9h
not     eax
add     eax, 2B2D0A6Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 4A99E662h
xor     eax, 0AEBF9BC3h
sub     eax, 0CA763981h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DB438E0Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0ADDC77E6h
sub     eax, 86786F59h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 85406642h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6097658Ch
xor     eax, 0FE80A82Dh
xor     eax, 62A15D95h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 839BC5EBh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 1F16C4DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F19B71B5h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0AA9C0592h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0F02DA223h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 26DBD64Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7D8925F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 1EF8AB06h
add     eax, 0AD052B4Eh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 99745754h
sub     eax, 93095535h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EFC96E17h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8BA97D86h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7C269BFEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B5E2A14Eh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 490F1593h
sub     eax, 6A4559D0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1FFC9340h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 148F36C5h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0CB490A03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1872FAB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A75CF856h
xor     eax, 111637E3h
sub     eax, 0CEC267B0h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 26756063h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 791877E9h
add     eax, 0DDBD7766h
xor     eax, 0B060280Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 5518846Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7CB6A928h
add     eax, 7A8489D3h
add     eax, 0B86F42B6h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A7056A99h
sub     eax, 403A3027h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0BC73C20Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 99B8D486h
sub     eax, 7845773Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0F7606F3Dh
sub     eax, 5AD8BE63h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EB3BF73Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 511F4993h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 2CF58D51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 14EA7024h
add     eax, 4B230DF5h
sub     eax, 514D9F71h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0A31F0EE0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 276E83BEh
sub     eax, 0E427CBA3h
xor     eax, 71FB5DE5h
sub     eax, 54694008h
xor     eax, 2DA4713Fh
xor     eax, 0BF439378h
xor     eax, 5197679Ah
xor     eax, 0A12B1993h
xor     eax, 0D33148A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8A06C5DCh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0D92290ADh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 34DDB364h
xor     eax, 0F5109326h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DBE0F1E8h
xor     eax, 0D7614F10h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0C1E911AFh
add     eax, 2C140B94h
sub     eax, 88B449EDh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DE88AA0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 175C7C30h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 4795712Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 4DA95F8Fh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0C25F34AAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 28C9025Eh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0F19A3735h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0AE87140Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 296CBAF9h
add     eax, 8C398434h
add     eax, 0EBF23DB2h
add     eax, 7DB80598h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9B1BFD9Bh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0CFEF71A8h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 5F3137FAh
add     eax, 0C0B4A51Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 74951208h
sub     eax, 2FA88557h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 0C4E21192h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0E81916B2h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 77A0A54Fh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 6760B4E8h
sub     eax, 0BAF03A77h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6EEEA16Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0B282C060h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 1A646B21h
sub     eax, 2D974755h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0F5D9145Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6DB2F288h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 8D515CE6h
add     eax, 0A8D4FE60h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 413FE622h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 29BFF9DFh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A07F93D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0AF7D14D6h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A18488BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9D09C78Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 96554E0Eh
xor     eax, 0CF85E023h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1C7898A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B1F23836h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0D63798A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 32492ED3h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 6900EC2Ch
add     eax, 0B01C2A68h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 37F1E376h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 63AC8BDBh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 6E089D57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 44454A9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ED48395Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F52D5411h
add     eax, 39076D2Eh
xor     eax, 843421E6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 4A3D2950h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E0D02EA4h
add     eax, 0D28E4FEAh
add     eax, 0EFA3F94Dh
add     eax, 0E4E7A598h
xor     eax, 0F112DDE5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 959B6028h
add     eax, 0DF274140h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0CCADE606h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0BB3E907Ch
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 739E85EAh
sub     eax, 148655C0h
add     eax, 8B2B4C46h
xor     eax, 7F4FD43Eh
add     eax, 804AAC16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4D02D41Fh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 87DF266Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 11401725h
add     eax, 9FCF14D9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 8A47DFC1h
sub     eax, 332B0514h
xor     eax, 6D03E770h
xor     eax, 0DA4B4DEDh
sub     eax, 0E06E95B2h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 3331FBBBh
add     eax, 719ADECAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FB4889E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5D563299h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5637504Ah
xor     eax, 8230C9E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C43C7BABh
sub     eax, 369D6179h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0F726E8FAh
xor     eax, 8A6A1090h
add     eax, 0EA7561FAh
sub     eax, 4E3218DAh
sub     eax, 3F6E9DDFh
xor     eax, 7C4110D7h
sub     eax, 3CD7596Dh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 91AC5E06h
add     eax, 9E1B69FCh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C04FB57Fh
sub     eax, 20D37975h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D9B7D3D6h
sub     eax, 98B98C4Eh
sub     eax, 4761C8B8h
add     eax, 0DFA8B363h
sub     eax, 0AAAC77EAh
add     eax, 41E780ACh
add     eax, 0F7B8EA11h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 74458ED1h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 3B2F3D4Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2F218C04h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 79D3528Eh
xor     eax, 98CB53DFh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 53310C05h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 44B925C1h
add     eax, 41701B9Ah
sub     eax, 0BE5E53EBh
sub     eax, 0F973AECAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9643B449h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 1D3127DAh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 28BFA646h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0ABC6BBE2h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 28FC102Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DC35783Ah
sub     eax, 5EB4158Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 279B80ADh
xor     eax, 7F146BDBh
sub     eax, 6D62D4A3h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 85D44A31h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 6528E53Ah
sub     eax, 5C2D6CD6h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0F87BA5FEh
xor     eax, 0E834A162h
sub     eax, 9DD38B5Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C5BBA988h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0FB929F8Fh
xor     eax, 0E6DA84E3h
xor     eax, 310E2C36h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 5986711Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 5C564DEBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A9B67F64h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 937EEADEh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3545D7B8h
add     eax, 807C3796h
not     eax
sub     eax, 97DD2011h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 196159BAh
sub     eax, 2E1E9F2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 608AE56Dh
add     eax, 4E7D78C2h
add     eax, 59911747h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 43434A0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 532444A3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 7595ECAEh
sub     eax, 0EFC1D04Eh
xor     eax, 501B3B86h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 5C2A8193h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0D1983F87h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 64D81549h
sub     eax, 329E1360h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 78855138h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BDF4314Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 4724B1BCh
xor     eax, 779DB0A4h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E974424Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 75AEBD5Bh
add     eax, 25ECE381h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 91A3C98Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7663A293h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 7833C84Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 48194213h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 6910B1C6h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 6D97B61Ch
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 11DF6632h
sub     eax, 0BFB34D71h
sub     eax, 34A2C906h
sub     eax, 2CCB8687h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 3499B92Fh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BEF1F6D0h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 3612CF45h
sub     eax, 435C718Bh
sub     eax, 6459FC45h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 9029F705h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7E01431Bh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 60BEE9ECh
xor     eax, 814EA6FAh
xor     eax, 3DC8D5ABh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 4FD17084h
add     eax, 8FE702C9h
xor     eax, 0CDC90B98h
sub     eax, 7C99DE1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 966865CFh
sub     eax, 31FF92D1h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 58E879E8h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0CE69A260h
xor     eax, 5FC3295Ch
xor     eax, 0B8A4CD91h
sub     eax, 2A56FB14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5A79F2DCh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 503D3B2Eh
xor     eax, 4F649824h
sub     eax, 0CAE44E2Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FC9213BBh
xor     eax, 19DA2D59h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0CB8E03CEh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0A7AB8350h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 80F12B49h
sub     eax, 4AC46A8Ah
sub     eax, 10384E7Fh
add     eax, 9AD09FA4h
sub     eax, 332905DBh
sub     eax, 614E7260h
add     eax, 0EFA7B7E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 4E8B92E0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A81432A6h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0E7806B28h
add     eax, 9C1E31DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FE166FCCh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 4DC4E116h
xor     eax, 0FA4A2F8Fh
sub     eax, 16CE6B51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 38D571A1h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7446D1C3h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 3A7C12B6h
xor     eax, 0E8F055ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 87F65CEEh
sub     eax, 6D704CA2h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0FBE42F81h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 2053E6D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0CF3CC429h
add     eax, 95B292BDh
sub     eax, 0DFED8BD9h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 8541FB63h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 819081B1h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 73BCAA16h
sub     eax, 109BF530h
sub     eax, 0C63DEAEFh
sub     eax, 0A32F378Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 17ADA210h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 6768CF33h
xor     eax, 0F062D2C1h
add     eax, 0F9891991h
sub     eax, 965FBE37h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EC01569Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 77526197h
add     eax, 5F47561Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CE29CB8Eh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 5EF150F1h
xor     eax, 758B784Ch
add     eax, 4DBB08FFh
add     eax, 59AB084Eh
xor     eax, 2EC99568h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B7232ED0h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 21B7AC90h
add     eax, 374BAE17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A3DB6AECh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 8F551280h
sub     eax, 3600B36Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EAC11F50h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 2B43CDA1h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0EF46BF14h
add     eax, 7CDFB3D4h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B752634Eh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 44DC94D7h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E42EBC7Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 32863EB9h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 433BD010h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 19C78248h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0F59F90EFh
xor     eax, 0B77F262Ch
sub     eax, 507CC69Ch
add     eax, 3A57DFBEh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 53E582C0h
add     eax, 0CC9A206Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 1FF17DF7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A0A1742Eh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 9B181585h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 6690E3C1h
add     eax, 9B93D092h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 89EDA805h
xor     eax, 0E479F6A3h
add     eax, 9519E8DBh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0CCA00A76h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6E1AFB93h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 29634382h
add     eax, 0EF260DB5h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0AE51DB27h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F6EB606Dh
xor     eax, 44921198h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 650D588Ah
sub     eax, 3B8ECD9Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0FD0D6671h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B43E24C9h
sub     eax, 872D3706h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0F4BE4A2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DC18F1E7h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 60F7E848h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C29CDAB2h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 0CF7F589Ch
xor     eax, 66E8CC62h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C265B60Dh
xor     eax, 0D53797CBh
sub     eax, 3BABB82Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0E32FDC7Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BD0770FDh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8F454306h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0FA5826DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3D3681F4h
xor     eax, 0F252F7C9h
sub     eax, 0B774A3CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 711707C3h
xor     eax, 85DDD2A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9919C700h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 54C44EC3h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 8C1C18C3h
add     eax, 15D83E00h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 19F6A99Bh
add     eax, 10F50ACAh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 9CC14040h
sub     eax, 3F30B1D2h
add     eax, 9FA17C52h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 641B7D9Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 4984DC24h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 3A83A9AEh
add     eax, 47451EDFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9D764D35h
xor     eax, 2B208CA8h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0E46C5ABEh
add     eax, 2758C4C9h
xor     eax, 1861988Ah
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 5392025Fh
xor     eax, 12CAA6A6h
sub     eax, 0AA04CBD6h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D6395E45h
add     eax, 0CB60B937h
add     eax, 0B5789A18h
xor     eax, 0CA204DD2h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0DAD0D114h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FB6F13A5h
sub     eax, 81EA8364h
add     eax, 0BF9D414Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FCC603BEh
sub     eax, 71978367h
not     eax
add     eax, 3F03F22Dh
sub     eax, 0A43CB4C5h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 155A59ADh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 335128D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 433A7105h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 54A50D2Fh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0C29F1DE2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6842EE97h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 2D3FE4A7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 846EC76Ch
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 8CDD685Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 337FD5CEh
xor     eax, 9353B242h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2DABBAA2h
xor     eax, 26164571h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 262EB2CFh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B638AFA4h
add     eax, 772B7B1Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0E7D28125h
xor     eax, 5FC26ED8h
add     eax, 8F63C512h
add     eax, 5C67925Ah
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0C7249740h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EEAC99F4h
xor     eax, 67BE25B0h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 66B375C2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1EDA319Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 83B75667h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6DB17919h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 19DE5D74h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 3AB6ED01h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E67C4D7Dh
sub     eax, 0F5003DB5h
sub     eax, 82DECE89h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0F0A8D25Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1B96B3FCh
sub     eax, 0D2AAE9E9h
sub     eax, 9FCD0A37h
sub     eax, 0B4745C2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7889F016h
xor     eax, 5F02E04Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0A0544F83h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 55652D9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 12616FC5h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E466EB7Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 12841028h
add     eax, 0B7F051B2h
not     eax
add     eax, 7A78CAC7h
xor     eax, 8909E045h
sub     eax, 0A0B453A8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 8C372590h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7C9A9548h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 4B650D66h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E4FE3C33h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 2F5CF437h
sub     eax, 0EFA29422h
add     eax, 4CC2004Bh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 301A416Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 4F0A3345h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4BD46781h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 11B0BD44h
sub     eax, 63C6A912h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D2FD3E42h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0E76D03BEh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0EB765F30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 688F3788h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 91705CB7h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 8F3AFF55h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 37165204h
xor     eax, 0F8866AE8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 68DFA8D5h
xor     eax, 0EC9B00E8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7B40D6E9h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 54A6B784h
xor     eax, 0A9A2DE49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 61F688D4h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 5F8E982Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 75552E6Fh
add     eax, 0D09863CFh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 54033113h
add     eax, 7C3213E9h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 6A158F71h
add     eax, 6F9B4298h
add     eax, 40CC3DACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DB58DE0Ch
xor     eax, 6D970FD5h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 24F9B89Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 92F6D0F8h
sub     eax, 49F5F294h
add     eax, 170390C4h
sub     eax, 0C67D6E57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 91569897h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 632B297Bh
add     eax, 0CCC7A08Dh
add     eax, 3C3597DAh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 95488E97h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 3D845468h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E6B8334Fh
add     eax, 0C12A2A19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C6D20733h
xor     eax, 0B3894DC9h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C9AB7E3Fh
add     eax, 0C89414DCh
add     eax, 0DDEC3EE6h
sub     eax, 0C17F2FF6h
xor     eax, 0DE0D244Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6B76B004h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 91E56F71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 6ABA3615h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 7C614B79h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 20E8F31Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B55CB2E1h
sub     eax, 0E9DF80D0h
sub     eax, 0EF94F0F3h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0D1CE2927h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 5D6C1580h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0CF4A434Ah
add     eax, 0F2F47713h
xor     eax, 82C40690h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 897E420Ah
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0FF241875h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 1D5F0B25h
xor     eax, 0F2805EDCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 83FE77E3h
xor     eax, 24AC29DEh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0FA59153Ah
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0DE77313Ch
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 3D8D9DAFh
add     eax, 0BD6032ACh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 7D1F6B07h
sub     eax, 894E33C8h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 74501B6Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9B73ABEAh
xor     eax, 0E282D18Eh
add     eax, 0A0A21B4Fh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 619D90A0h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2A262485h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FE688FF8h
sub     eax, 0CFCFCFFAh
add     eax, 0CF1939E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C54BDCFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AC1F7A4Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 4035FBC3h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 2EBA7444h
xor     eax, 157B8A1Eh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E9E876C3h
xor     eax, 21B32678h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CCDF478Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2734B759h
sub     eax, 194EC4E3h
sub     eax, 975026ACh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0AB24638Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0C032D476h
add     eax, 65A7C0EAh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 945A357Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0A74643E1h
sub     eax, 0A401005Fh
add     eax, 13DC7965h
xor     eax, 31154EB1h
add     eax, 4B8C9E38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 214A2F16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 24540BB4h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B1A453DFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 50754A75h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ED13F8A5h
xor     eax, 0F80BA1FFh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 6D499673h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BD1DFC76h
xor     eax, 1D50E7B5h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 8811AF31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D0C7DE4Bh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D77ED1ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 36124FCBh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9F0C1BC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0EA6EACABh
xor     eax, 0F512FB98h
xor     eax, 0A8287EFDh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0E62CC8F7h
sub     eax, 143338D5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 34E258DAh
not     eax
add     eax, 3EE6A80Ch
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 993F1FA3h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 228607C8h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3EFF3C84h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 728BDF62h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 21EF674Ch
add     eax, 0A6B84FBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C89B55F0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E2E7AB0Fh
sub     eax, 8CA966BCh
sub     eax, 0D1C3BC43h
add     eax, 9CEA4A4Eh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 89E314C0h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0DD887939h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 545EC131h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5662F941h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 1A5C592Ch
add     eax, 33D0ECA3h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 929309CBh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 1255F8B1h
sub     eax, 348883CDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4557F6DAh
add     eax, 744738C0h
xor     eax, 80690870h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 4D7DCE5Bh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 5A7EA71Fh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 9AFEF109h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 832F09B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EC01DF77h
sub     eax, 0C5F9CFEEh
sub     eax, 65774788h
sub     eax, 33FED223h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 75B3D521h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0CC186D80h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 78CFF009h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0D2850E87h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 8D719AF0h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 9738DBF5h
add     eax, 8258DD0Bh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CE1B0EB7h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0FF474C84h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0C2690C55h
add     eax, 0C6A29973h
add     eax, 633DA850h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 34715F3Ah
xor     eax, 0BB95E329h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 99445716h
add     eax, 9AA45831h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 430774F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B70390D9h
sub     eax, 0C372BC72h
xor     eax, 0FE95DA88h
add     eax, 0E5052193h
xor     eax, 0A258A394h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 37278EDEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2FF27600h
sub     eax, 4503411Ch
add     eax, 51732625h
add     eax, 0F2BDF878h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3DA38689h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 7447557Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6C4EBE80h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 54B99F5Fh
sub     eax, 0E14ABBD6h
xor     eax, 0BE617ED9h
add     eax, 55C281B0h
add     eax, 0C1EC119Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 8FCDB6C7h
sub     eax, 7AC56BB3h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 249CE4DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 7CABE1B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 99EF4453h
sub     eax, 262B40C2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1A13D3EDh
add     eax, 0FCD1DA5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D7A9A661h
sub     eax, 1F556EECh
add     eax, 0AD31746Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 63DFECFEh
sub     eax, 9379CFE6h
xor     eax, 210C6A74h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 647AB861h
add     eax, 0A500789Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4EE8B3F6h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 6B2175B9h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 5FF086D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1AD06346h
xor     eax, 0DD93235Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C92F32D8h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 358ADBA1h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 24E83972h
add     eax, 0BBAD2C1Ch
sub     eax, 0D7B0A25Eh
sub     eax, 1221F2F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0CFD85FB5h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 538D702Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 1C7C91F8h
xor     eax, 0E8342799h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 549BBDDCh
add     eax, 5A78BD50h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0D56228D4h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 36EFA9C9h
xor     eax, 0C022121Bh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 6AB6146Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C924B11Dh
add     eax, 0DBD4F78Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 985EB80Dh
add     eax, 2B66019Dh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 49A2E925h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D35113D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0E6478468h
add     eax, 0E1C178D4h
xor     eax, 186B1E0Eh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 929D0CDEh
xor     eax, 6D8205E5h
add     eax, 0A9C0196Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 50C11A84h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0ECA0D4E7h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0FF7DA4DEh
sub     eax, 6FEA072Fh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0E49E3F33h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D4F839BCh
xor     eax, 0BED347E3h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 77D9F450h
xor     eax, 1633CD00h
sub     eax, 4486E53Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0DCD42A02h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 5772D204h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 208E580Bh
sub     eax, 8561541Ah
add     eax, 6CCBFAAEh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 9B1C6E31h
add     eax, 0FE2DA3A4h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 71AD52F2h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0C8A39750h
xor     eax, 9F2631AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E66F07Fh
xor     eax, 0A79465EEh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0D96189D0h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0F4071549h
add     eax, 6A5903F1h
xor     eax, 0DBAC7690h
add     eax, 0A3C216C3h
xor     eax, 41028603h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C102B293h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 59DB034Ch
sub     eax, 46F68EB7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E9D2FF2Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0E4A6FA29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 813264DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BB5D3A00h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0DA3DF8E5h
add     eax, 0B51E9116h
xor     eax, 5D85DE66h
xor     eax, 6725D88Ah
add     eax, 218DA142h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BCF9C6A1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 376B951Dh
xor     eax, 2873C5C4h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0DC9E4C0Dh
sub     eax, 3E6B59E8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3D5B50DFh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0BD9DFFAAh
add     eax, 850FCEDBh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E08FF426h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 83FCE142h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 618D4507h
sub     eax, 288A879Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 111C1D81h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0E0E9279Bh
add     eax, 0FAE0C878h
not     eax
add     eax, 85C61965h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 4C6FD8E8h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 51197511h
xor     eax, 0F71BDE3Dh
sub     eax, 0B9CD5408h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 73015CD7h
add     eax, 11588AF6h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0AFA20AB9h
sub     eax, 0B5C6182Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F9ED4B3Fh
add     eax, 1B3A8597h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 57726B86h
xor     eax, 122973BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9112AE6Eh
add     eax, 23F3642Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0A242AB11h
sub     eax, 0DC685ED5h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 78C351DBh
add     eax, 0B73324E5h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 501CAFD7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4EE2F433h
xor     eax, 9687B7A8h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0A4B30D52h
add     eax, 557BA921h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D1D4731Eh
sub     eax, 0F3D045C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7DEB4E3Ch
sub     eax, 6E6D4AADh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0BC65635Ah
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 512F2C3Ch
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 224D01AFh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0ACAC375Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1AA3184Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0A8662F54h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 36A6367Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0BB28F4C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 440A9C1Fh
sub     eax, 0ABC42BCAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4386C173h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 79CE4DCAh
sub     eax, 0CEB84DEAh
sub     eax, 56967C60h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0ADA6818Eh
add     eax, 0EF9D5C3Bh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E0B2023Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5E7BEA29h
sub     eax, 2D41F6B2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 91DEFB8Eh
add     eax, 0E84B3BF9h
xor     eax, 0B020924Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 6895E7E3h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 4C35BAC9h
xor     eax, 94CDEF0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7DF7DE5h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F8E74225h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EADBAF63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 441C289Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 27AFBFE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 116C16DEh
add     eax, 78BF36A1h
sub     eax, 0BC355A95h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 5D77EA1Fh
add     eax, 44099469h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 98D6C979h
xor     eax, 8F0C82C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 42F7964Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 228BB5D6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 4E7B91A6h
not     eax
add     eax, 98FC9A0Fh
sub     eax, 8B96614Dh
xor     eax, 7552A359h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 1A6BE0B2h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0F4C19353h
not     eax
sub     eax, 12B75A0Ch
sub     eax, 86E82DEFh
sub     eax, 0F150515Dh
add     eax, 0A3ED9398h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FAFFE4B5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4079AA61h
xor     eax, 6C8EA14Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F9498287h
sub     eax, 3D6760F6h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 61E37625h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6BC5CF24h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 325FB066h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 379B8AEDh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 3FAA8BBBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 628E7AF5h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F42D638Fh
xor     eax, 71156719h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 69535BCBh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0B58B4BFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 13BC7C1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F0185654h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 37B1F5C5h
add     eax, 0AB608F77h
xor     eax, 57CBCAD8h
xor     eax, 9562777Dh
sub     eax, 0ADE39490h
xor     eax, 0C67B4351h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 7F0DE9F8h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0CB8EEB88h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BDDC11ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A3E1CE10h
xor     eax, 9B88B780h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 8C885148h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 8DA98E40h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3EEB0AB8h
sub     eax, 27B19719h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 6D50F02Ah
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 725DEB18h
sub     eax, 0FC600E1Bh
add     eax, 6132CB51h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0C871D163h
add     eax, 0BBBF62DDh
add     eax, 0EE62E606h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16B58CDEh
sub     eax, 0DEBFD64Eh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 6A4FE7C0h
sub     eax, 597FFC98h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 8E93BB85h
sub     eax, 0AB04CC15h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 2D9F012Bh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 63BF7AC8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7921DC37h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6CF95F3Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 4AC85AE5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EE01E328h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 936537F6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 717957B4h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0BA0CA02Bh
add     eax, 277F46E4h
sub     eax, 652AF783h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CA8DC377h
add     eax, 49D845F8h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 8D3AA1EBh
sub     eax, 0F7AE492Ah
sub     eax, 40EDA06Ch
add     eax, 0B7763224h
sub     eax, 128A2EB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 24096B32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F7E18A71h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0A976E2C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0C59EC273h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BD9AE650h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B626AF00h
sub     eax, 7E8A7E04h
add     eax, 0DCDFE916h
xor     eax, 38333D99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 91452ADAh
add     eax, 0C631422Dh
sub     eax, 0C445AD92h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 7F60910Eh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0BD79BFABh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 67F78FA3h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0B11B7E39h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0B7200FD1h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 36849EAFh
xor     eax, 0EAB8FFB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 2C977096h
xor     eax, 0BC726760h
not     eax
add     eax, 658F4EA4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FC4BD5B3h
not     eax
add     eax, 27283868h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0E1427A08h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 73D02031h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 2E90B618h
sub     eax, 73827E12h
sub     eax, 0F7F10485h
xor     eax, 0FFFE8782h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 934B745Fh
sub     eax, 5082ECB2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0BB0801A4h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0F4F38F3Ah
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 7E541E34h
xor     eax, 7C2437BEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 88447303h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 17213304h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F5B3E405h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7996E5A2h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 2524D955h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 507A09C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0F152E7E2h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0B390F83Dh
add     eax, 28B0662Bh
add     eax, 2EFD2347h
add     eax, 62943858h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5DAB9EDBh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4AF04D34h
sub     eax, 638EC98Dh
sub     eax, 0A7A3D24Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0CB1125EAh
add     eax, 10C229B1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D510EB4Eh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 362A89B2h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B1B42739h
add     eax, 17EF3B8Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 10E82501h
add     eax, 4A43353Ah
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 41D03121h
add     eax, 60211243h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 3AFA0844h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A10EDCF5h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0B1088082h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 14AF1967h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0EDC2E9EDh
sub     eax, 9F6657A5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 28A6C89Fh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 3729CAA3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0EF05EA5Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 28B33F75h
sub     eax, 54970CACh
sub     eax, 9150E8FDh
xor     eax, 598846BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 79B2ED93h
sub     eax, 0CC6DBFA9h
xor     eax, 0B733247Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0D76D2BFBh
add     eax, 0B3302CB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 82647FB3h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 8BADEAD1h
sub     eax, 5D358FB2h
sub     eax, 7AE6CF19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9A193AA7h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 45291316h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A98487EFh
sub     eax, 0D1D50E70h
sub     eax, 0B0C94AF9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 599B33E8h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 4D48A56Dh
xor     eax, 0D276B59Ch
sub     eax, 367E089Ch
sub     eax, 8E821416h
add     eax, 2CB5C81Dh
xor     eax, 5B754062h
sub     eax, 0C13A6374h
xor     eax, 525BE2C0h
xor     eax, 0B807C564h
xor     eax, 8B07EB43h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 2F4C411Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0A719D9CFh
xor     eax, 0CC0DA6F0h
sub     eax, 0A2FFF6E6h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FE0D72E1h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 581F48A2h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0F51345DDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8C7C5257h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 32E0A3AEh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 8D5DF584h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0F5842D4Fh
xor     eax, 5C416B57h
xor     eax, 6068C98Ah
xor     eax, 379DE870h
xor     eax, 0DCC91D98h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0CC283E58h
sub     eax, 79D4CF64h
not     eax
sub     eax, 545AB1B1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 54C6454Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 9B8C44E6h
sub     eax, 0C0EC2D4Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0B4183F19h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 52A6BA8Bh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 2C1CA07Fh
add     eax, 8EBD640Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0C6A2D294h
xor     eax, 3E410592h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E08CC727h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 11382ACCh
add     eax, 0A9553570h
sub     eax, 20DC563Bh
sub     eax, 44042F59h
sub     eax, 10F5D822h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FE844D3Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2FBBF998h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 88D76863h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 1E1C0EE7h
sub     eax, 692AD07Fh
add     eax, 33811A5Ch
xor     eax, 5DA576EBh
sub     eax, 5888C2EDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0E8BBA40Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 4244DD1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DBFCD24Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 925301C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 60DB2117h
add     eax, 0E88DB6C6h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 60CE743Bh
add     eax, 0F6FC8CACh
add     eax, 4C715D09h
xor     eax, 0A3DCF6E3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0A232F29Fh
xor     eax, 2B35F6C7h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B5952067h
xor     eax, 80732E00h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 27A52C7Bh
xor     eax, 3D27F541h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 4D19D364h
add     eax, 0ED5BE1E7h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 8633404Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 732E5D90h
xor     eax, 0B72BD13Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2ED27BEAh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F7BEF0A5h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 22C4F7F4h
xor     eax, 0D91148B7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AA86E5C9h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C43CCAA3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B9D136A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 50D63A8Bh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 70138253h
xor     eax, 0DA81F5A2h
add     eax, 821293B5h
xor     eax, 0E57423BBh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CEC5DBACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0D2B1C718h
xor     eax, 0B615325Eh
xor     eax, 26DEF1EDh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0B53F8774h
add     eax, 1316F8E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 91B79BB9h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0B835F14Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0EDC2ABE1h
not     eax
add     eax, 963AFA60h
sub     eax, 0D3BAE0D2h
sub     eax, 8AA517B1h
sub     eax, 0FD7F4093h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 96D1EC97h
xor     eax, 4CCA1085h
sub     eax, 0CC2EF0A3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C082D679h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E6C8C29Ch
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0F7138970h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 50DFCF04h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0BD774A17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D707E844h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0B6DFD2E2h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 3454AF62h
sub     eax, 0A1D4D905h
xor     eax, 3D884758h
sub     eax, 4E4950CDh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 35909CE4h
add     eax, 43339E9Bh
sub     eax, 24E47547h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 0CAC5CEA5h
sub     eax, 0A00FC60Ah
xor     eax, 93498C08h
add     eax, 0E892374Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B4380AB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 2D4248F8h
add     eax, 8E1FC5E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1AD347C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0A0DBA3DBh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E5D33A43h
add     eax, 0D6E9F79Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0A7998E1Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 27CC6385h
xor     eax, 0AC2B521Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BDA0BC16h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E15CD7F7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 56A246D0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 25A8CAB7h
sub     eax, 28FB4166h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 489A9BE0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 7E205427h
xor     eax, 491F4307h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0C2BCE779h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AA5D5F2Ah
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CD862899h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C67987B8h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0B137224Ah
xor     eax, 0EA8E020Ch
xor     eax, 0C5E2E8D1h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0A54FEB5Ah
xor     eax, 0A3A22C13h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 3F28A643h
add     eax, 382BCF49h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1D5150DEh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 6EFC6F80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 4F338E3Ch
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0BC1811E1h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 9B08FCE6h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 854549BEh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 3B207224h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4F97D019h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0A50F7D91h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 3DF2FDE9h
xor     eax, 6C0E9DACh
add     eax, 2F4FE1AAh
sub     eax, 0FC3AE58Bh
sub     eax, 0FA86A99Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 530FF85Ch
add     eax, 0FEFC2F44h
add     eax, 0F49B3CB9h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0E98FFDC4h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 26EB6DDBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 268E9E5Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9140566Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7C5B1F74h
sub     eax, 4D6FE8D2h
xor     eax, 3B2098BEh
add     eax, 0FB8DAA0Ch
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 37D0CB70h
add     eax, 5D636244h
add     eax, 963C0CB6h
xor     eax, 0A0FD0659h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F5509C5Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0D2FBFDF8h
sub     eax, 180FA9DBh
xor     eax, 3F5B7CEFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F3443332h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0D92808DEh
xor     eax, 986549B4h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B0689548h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3513FE24h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B57B2477h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F4389229h
add     eax, 0A2D14330h
add     eax, 6EF5EDAEh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0AA9CC4E4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E9F3234Ch
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 88890DEFh
sub     eax, 0B517F3A0h
xor     eax, 42F843E4h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 80FEECFDh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 7D59DB5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 206F98F2h
sub     eax, 6583651Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C6913B04h
xor     eax, 5EA51220h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8C8CCBA9h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 35C26C30h
sub     eax, 135B4B33h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B988CC75h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 94AB4825h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 87981940h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0C6935348h
sub     eax, 5B703F18h
sub     eax, 68409875h
xor     eax, 53273AE3h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 132DB8AAh
xor     eax, 60FD214Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0C4713981h
sub     eax, 1CF1D007h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 26BD900Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 908B80C6h
sub     eax, 3E4C9AC2h
xor     eax, 4010EA64h
xor     eax, 0B5EB6E5Dh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 52023CB7h
sub     eax, 5CD67CDAh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0CACCBF9Ah
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 542C2728h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 3AE93151h
sub     eax, 0F8683DF0h
add     eax, 6A6A8389h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0E6519A48h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C1505A98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F12143F1h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 71DC43F2h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 19BB2F04h
not     eax
add     eax, 51E27384h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 76707918h
sub     eax, 180B5103h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 85A6076Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5FF6855Eh
xor     eax, 0F9581053h
xor     eax, 8A75C689h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A3C4B71Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0B53CBC5Ah
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0B87664D3h
sub     eax, 464A0676h
sub     eax, 5DB88D37h
add     eax, 0EF20A2F2h
add     eax, 0A9DEA4F6h
sub     eax, 6D1B0548h
xor     eax, 0D4FCB269h
xor     eax, 5C16A919h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CF74A313h
not     eax
add     eax, 9416A79Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 90CC870Ch
add     eax, 0AB260F05h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FA90DE64h
add     eax, 54AC88A4h
xor     eax, 0E14AAE98h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0F5C6295Ah
sub     eax, 5D369D46h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 4D897707h
xor     eax, 3D9DAD09h
not     eax
add     eax, 4CCE8391h
sub     eax, 0E98F9664h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 35EFD2C9h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0AFAFBC63h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 6B2F0B2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 57728C41h
add     eax, 0B70D59BFh
add     eax, 0E6582EA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6F0940F9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 29EA84BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0D1B362A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C587FD4Eh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B853BBDDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8FCB894Fh
xor     eax, 0E8347F1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1FB69C86h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 7D7719CAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EDE7158Bh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 56B39E48h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B6ED6597h
add     eax, 4707A313h
add     eax, 0FA55A092h
sub     eax, 602DD231h
xor     eax, 0F78196AEh
add     eax, 3BFE2910h
xor     eax, 65487760h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 625B7DE3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 175E8DDCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 6121C688h
xor     eax, 0FB80EA84h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0AAE5FAC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D334CAC7h
xor     eax, 0C0CAA3A9h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0AFCB3809h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 72D43BF2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1081FABAh
add     eax, 0A24A073Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0B2C3DC5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0A4662416h
xor     eax, 0C81739D9h
xor     eax, 0B2ABE68Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C04B1B2Dh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0D20742D4h
sub     eax, 0D21B2608h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 44E4D1B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 8D5A8B10h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 1967C6A8h
xor     eax, 0F5EF1CC3h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0C500CB70h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E9D6DF4Dh
xor     eax, 31DF964Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7C5D49DDh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 94FB09BAh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 228BDC32h
not     eax
add     eax, 3FB6D95Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 1D5FBC38h
not     eax
xor     eax, 299E4B0Ah
add     eax, 0C3C46E28h
add     eax, 7ED48DC5h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B40D5641h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 342F649Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 371C1E7Fh
xor     eax, 626D409Fh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 4CE8550Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 451BC116h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 94225321h
sub     eax, 531775F4h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0AE77A907h
sub     eax, 1A1E14F0h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C8E7CE7Eh
add     eax, 91ABC29Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3C8EA2C6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E21DA4EBh
add     eax, 3D9F0D14h
xor     eax, 97B8FBFCh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B92A57AEh
sub     eax, 0BD764313h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 814AF35Eh
add     eax, 0F8A01282h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 5ADB360Bh
sub     eax, 4B8BB1E5h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A0EB961Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 796B7D98h
not     eax
add     eax, 61BBEC31h
xor     eax, 0FCB84477h
add     eax, 631588F2h
sub     eax, 382644E4h
add     eax, 9A41A4FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 9CECD795h
add     eax, 3AE18047h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E5A14E5Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 431B6187h
add     eax, 6CF64FFBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 9878391Bh
xor     eax, 0E77E7E61h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B0FFBCF0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 73964345h
add     eax, 0E6988E54h
xor     eax, 0BEE19CE9h
add     eax, 49EFD287h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CE8290BBh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 57F4FE4Fh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0B0CD0DEEh
xor     eax, 0ACFE37F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BD473A14h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 3F9D2587h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0DFAAFB62h
xor     eax, 5F7A4B66h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0A70C2BA4h
sub     eax, 0F103A2ADh
add     eax, 1AE0B48Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0D2ED5B1Ah
xor     eax, 5E16F667h
add     eax, 94F4AF5Fh
sub     eax, 33C3B45Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 71128BF3h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 1C730EF2h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0B9E90152h
not     eax
xor     eax, 429DF951h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 928881ACh
xor     eax, 995ABF9Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0D5A6CD8Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 38912907h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5693EB07h
sub     eax, 0DDA0A3DEh
xor     eax, 25FE7507h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 33C8DC01h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 16E28A97h
sub     eax, 0C24416E4h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2CE4A1C4h
sub     eax, 67F51CDFh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F6B079A5h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1F77D362h
add     eax, 0D0DCFE5Bh
xor     eax, 6C78D5E4h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 1CE626B5h
xor     eax, 0E2948E3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5F29955Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FE30E769h
sub     eax, 3DBAACFFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 590CC76Ah
add     eax, 422B2D04h
add     eax, 55BAD1B1h
add     eax, 0EB3CC9D7h
xor     eax, 281ED876h
sub     eax, 9B072A4Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 63C49D0Bh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 638C6B7Dh
add     eax, 0D0E0567Bh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 98263BA2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 83389DE2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 204CEB92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 74E50FD6h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 1597D6E7h
xor     eax, 56E7815Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 9F29B52Fh
xor     eax, 9DCC5A6Ah
add     eax, 691F152Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 327E8BA6h
add     eax, 15BDD804h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0CA564E33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 33F60194h
not     eax
add     eax, 13D6F6FCh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0B44863DBh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2B4B33B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0F019E0C2h
sub     eax, 0C351328Bh
sub     eax, 7650DECDh
sub     eax, 377AEF25h
xor     eax, 7793AF06h
sub     eax, 0CE088B4Ah
add     eax, 0D7507BC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0EFB7B90Ah
xor     eax, 14E8DB8Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 11C6392Fh
add     eax, 7016D5BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F66A5DF1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 96FAB2C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FD384D31h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 34A711ACh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 70F14F5Ch
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D0F0C70Eh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 786DC0C8h
add     eax, 1AD9E27Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 8FA8A6AEh
not     eax
add     eax, 7D0D2AE1h
xor     eax, 0D14CB019h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 98AA636Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 47DBF805h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7E57EDC6h
xor     eax, 325B5588h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 45F39A3Ah
xor     eax, 0E8EE693Eh
xor     eax, 0B07D9124h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0D1C83ED1h
add     eax, 700B3112h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AE771725h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3EB8B59Bh
add     eax, 0DDD53317h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B9AB86F7h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 216DEB13h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9119E911h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BBC3A062h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2CBC048Fh
xor     eax, 1F65F484h
xor     eax, 0E346D98Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 85FA4487h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 95194223h
xor     eax, 0B543128Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 782BF7A3h
xor     eax, 76649438h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9BB9B86Dh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 135178F6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EF3BE49Bh
add     eax, 0E1E3582Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 193CF2D6h
sub     eax, 5D6FAF7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 93DEA970h
xor     eax, 9C0C3FD0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 65DD4A51h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0B4DF4765h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0C6F7C792h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FCB6C550h
add     eax, 28493DA2h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D810FF3Ah
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0A36C4101h
sub     eax, 6FD485D7h
sub     eax, 6A22F961h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 25B9825Ch
xor     eax, 9B8883FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3E4D717Ch
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 5C1398A3h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0D6F4735Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 6EC4870Ah
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 803E77C1h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 2FBD50B7h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E72D1526h
xor     eax, 34EC86E8h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 8360E337h
xor     eax, 0C6352D51h
add     eax, 0D3DF24A6h
add     eax, 39B02A61h
sub     eax, 5EB9B986h
sub     eax, 0C1FEAEE1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 738ED8CFh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E9DE99C5h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E2939712h
add     eax, 1AFEF928h
add     eax, 2AF914D7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E7CB1DDCh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 91BD4E50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 79D34D76h
add     eax, 0B906436Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8AA6A803h
xor     eax, 20F1E285h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 337A49D9h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 898CAD23h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0D49825E3h
add     eax, 3E0A9C3Fh
add     eax, 0D7993136h
add     eax, 685494CEh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D684B6C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0F2A57B9Bh
sub     eax, 6138E328h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0E09A67FDh
xor     eax, 0AFBD929Fh
sub     eax, 280E6A83h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 8F504331h
sub     eax, 2A0C8735h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 9C93E095h
xor     eax, 5F025E54h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0D578407Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 9CF8E518h
xor     eax, 0ECC36359h
add     eax, 0C43DD0B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0C7DEA37Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 6505810Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 92D0A82Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 9467CA63h
not     eax
add     eax, 49AE640Dh
sub     eax, 0D78A17DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 51A8E021h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4D575250h
xor     eax, 130AD83Bh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C570FD0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7506448Dh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 6F553529h
sub     eax, 128606EBh
add     eax, 639894D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 4EC04E9Ah
sub     eax, 830988EEh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C67615F2h
add     eax, 0C5B72E5Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 78B4C837h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0AF6B5516h
sub     eax, 5EC8EADEh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 51BDEFE9h
add     eax, 0BCBE9803h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E03D8966h
add     eax, 0AA0F9E8Ah
xor     eax, 0E2413202h
sub     eax, 0E9F7A90Fh
add     eax, 0C30C22B6h
xor     eax, 1CB67A64h
add     eax, 0C91D5FB4h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 9B12F956h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0AF187C20h
sub     eax, 0DB973C79h
sub     eax, 0EF465F29h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0F3D28A1Fh
sub     eax, 0F7846688h
sub     eax, 22D66C4Bh
sub     eax, 7DABFB46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 6EF8F5E9h
not     eax
add     eax, 411C6BDBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 86B32659h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2271E931h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 2304BADFh
sub     eax, 376E5F68h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0EBD70077h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 5DC7DEE5h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1C1115F7h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0F76AB5FAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0A576DD2Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 6498EBFDh
add     eax, 17EC7D3Bh
add     eax, 9975D568h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5139F466h
xor     eax, 0E20309ABh
add     eax, 0DCED4DE0h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 541FEB86h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A821A0B6h
sub     eax, 0ED1CA220h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8410AD5Bh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0D0496E16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F7E81FE9h
add     eax, 289B91CFh
add     eax, 514920C0h
add     eax, 72F82703h
add     eax, 88418EBDh
sub     eax, 90D49513h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 3E95EE98h
sub     eax, 0E034FBFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0E02AC880h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 36AE7E07h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0E2EFEFE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 22B3BB0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3ED67D77h
add     eax, 4987D661h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 868A4480h
add     eax, 7949CA18h
sub     eax, 5B16D486h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1E0C3731h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FC788BCFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 19415229h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B6075E34h
sub     eax, 0DCDACE0Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0FD406647h
xor     eax, 9E37447Ah
sub     eax, 0CF4419ECh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0D54692A5h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 578EF53Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1D11AEF2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 157209ACh
add     eax, 8E0FA483h
add     eax, 0C567CF34h
not     eax
add     eax, 507C3E2Fh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 7F817196h
add     eax, 0A0501114h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0BE30D5C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A39CB486h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 9386B264h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 58D74341h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A7331D4h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 920A8788h
sub     eax, 74D32342h
xor     eax, 6F334517h
sub     eax, 1F89A0A6h
xor     eax, 710CA115h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 582AD1D7h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0FBCD1DADh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 73B2E27Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E65DE890h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 7EDA3F3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 7C093CDAh
xor     eax, 5E8F458Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 583FFE5Eh
add     eax, 19C382D5h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0B696A0D8h
xor     eax, 2CAF4A8Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 9A2CBC89h
sub     eax, 16BD634Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D45DF568h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 262E2173h
not     eax
sub     eax, 87000EB9h
add     eax, 0D35964C5h
xor     eax, 0FC56C80Eh
xor     eax, 0E77E9F1Dh
add     eax, 85788904h
xor     eax, 0F6F546B1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 69886F0Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 2E92F5F9h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 23A091ACh
xor     eax, 98C44CAFh
xor     eax, 69960A3Fh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 5083B69Ah
add     eax, 6671AA29h
xor     eax, 0C5188C35h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 32AE4BCFh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0CF6264F3h
xor     eax, 0FB02CACCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 830C01BDh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 5975B8CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 979F7E2Eh
xor     eax, 0F8977934h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 22F2AB70h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0D8C4BF8Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 19E961BEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F0A45CC3h
xor     eax, 2E6C70F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 41AB1A96h
not     eax
add     eax, 5AB5848Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6D048EEBh
sub     eax, 3BD7BABDh
xor     eax, 2403356Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 51D155FFh
xor     eax, 243FF758h
sub     eax, 6CD4EB44h
xor     eax, 21398934h
add     eax, 70C24239h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 171920F8h
add     eax, 0B14A214Fh
sub     eax, 87D3E047h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 44A4B918h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 80160DA7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E559776Ch
xor     eax, 2AFE0EBDh
xor     eax, 0F2DD08D0h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 240DA67Ah
xor     eax, 7DCD1FB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1039F673h
xor     eax, 0C597C38Bh
sub     eax, 0C0435413h
xor     eax, 9528D7FCh
add     eax, 303FE12Ch
xor     eax, 987FEBCEh
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 9563B7F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 20CDA136h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CA3071C6h
add     eax, 0BD0C0E47h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D0A024C9h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 5C659D5Ch
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5BE52675h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 38E78017h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9CEC9588h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 7E51C980h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 77339763h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 16CE81B7h
xor     eax, 0A4BA6E35h
sub     eax, 0D1D8D495h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 69546438h
xor     eax, 0A6303EE2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 304D6C4Ch
add     eax, 23F7A1D6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1AC50E9Ah
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 1E22B534h
add     eax, 7314EA79h
sub     eax, 989BAD2Bh
sub     eax, 88E6735Fh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 15358681h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 641899A3h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0DC29E4B0h
xor     eax, 653EAD74h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0FED43462h
sub     eax, 5D2FED74h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0B494AB03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E2C2DFE1h
sub     eax, 0AF465B8Ch
xor     eax, 1666B97Ah
add     eax, 40C4B7E9h
sub     eax, 3A34FF3Ch
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 54D69928h
add     eax, 272C2149h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 28359C43h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0B209E5ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ED8E6B63h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 5BD81D53h
add     eax, 27590CF8h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 62E21059h
sub     eax, 723A48FFh
xor     eax, 0F6E7BC7Bh
sub     eax, 0E12406E2h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E5F1E842h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 9A001D09h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CA9920A1h
sub     eax, 8528A39Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0C1DB16E3h
sub     eax, 76FDA3C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 33A87034h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F5D90873h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0FA0608E4h
add     eax, 569A7554h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 6D859417h
sub     eax, 0DA54029Ah
sub     eax, 20B4DF14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0E255E3A1h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 53CD7552h
add     eax, 0F3B755D8h
sub     eax, 0A261C9DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 93C3FEB3h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 587BB317h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E4098469h
xor     eax, 6D333607h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 7400607Bh
sub     eax, 9AC898AAh
xor     eax, 695145C6h
xor     eax, 2629E419h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0BD0AE611h
sub     eax, 0F40804F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 89602A90h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A3241C7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7EFC4058h
sub     eax, 0C4493D16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 90DAC7D6h
xor     eax, 0D85D1FDCh
add     eax, 9CF6A033h
sub     eax, 0DBCDADE1h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0AB0CA1E4h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 8D768760h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0E69DAD1Bh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 603963A9h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 4E77B50Eh
sub     eax, 2FF85740h
sub     eax, 63DF6ECCh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B14D82ADh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 79EEFDF6h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 3CE7755Ah
xor     eax, 47FBB19Fh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 3D493D64h
sub     eax, 15453FCAh
xor     eax, 26A2C4BAh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 39469751h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 56EF1330h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8E345129h
sub     eax, 996FB3F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 46CEBF1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 12EA0FF0h
xor     eax, 0F4A6089Dh
xor     eax, 6D606BE6h
xor     eax, 54D2F879h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 81444238h
sub     eax, 60F990B6h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DE46546Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 90132E10h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 76FD8370h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 90048726h
add     eax, 6FCF71C5h
add     eax, 3FB0356Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 2846F564h
not     eax
add     eax, 1E5688D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 938BBC93h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 760058DDh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 84504259h
sub     eax, 41ED74A3h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 6A4A7F78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 335CADC2h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 6E651060h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0D04E6B43h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0D859AF07h
add     eax, 180709E3h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 33B9B61Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B689EE7Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A1947988h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C265ACEEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5485C11Fh
add     eax, 110AF254h
add     eax, 0D2422509h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 1F5951BEh
add     eax, 4986D14Fh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 83F35BDEh
sub     eax, 0AC5FE4B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AC7B732Bh
xor     eax, 73F84869h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 517857A4h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 1CCE8FF4h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0F01DBF14h
add     eax, 0E2FFF7F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6308D4FBh
sub     eax, 6760805Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 486C85CEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E454BD6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2F1394E5h
sub     eax, 0A02386AEh
not     eax
add     eax, 0FEC802C7h
add     eax, 44D291D9h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0E20F0B7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C7D5DC4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6CB36808h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0B9385321h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 291B33C6h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 868A5C72h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0E46F8B65h
sub     eax, 0FC536DD1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7B863EBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5444EDF0h
xor     eax, 0D73D4F6Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AB7EAA45h
not     eax
sub     eax, 22781AE4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 2E23471Ch
sub     eax, 82377FC5h
add     eax, 408E3CCFh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F08E6EF6h
xor     eax, 90A7113Ah
sub     eax, 0F2DA8D02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 96460C94h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 25038032h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 9A35B11Bh
sub     eax, 9E6300F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2F40D699h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 13799F58h
xor     eax, 0E6E8F1FDh
xor     eax, 0B0520F93h
xor     eax, 4F5B9F81h
add     eax, 0BA39D24Fh
xor     eax, 0CC82041Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0C29406E9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 55358B3Ah
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 6E2516D3h
xor     eax, 4115863Bh
add     eax, 2690D27Dh
sub     eax, 308EBA4Ah
add     eax, 0CC950647h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 3381D8FDh
add     eax, 5E3BABF3h
add     eax, 0AA737E6Dh
xor     eax, 5247EA05h
xor     eax, 9809301Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B4C0CC91h
xor     eax, 0A5FEB1D8h
sub     eax, 7D4125A3h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3D4EFEE3h
xor     eax, 24D3F7E1h
add     eax, 0ECCA8EE9h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 3D8A0019h
add     eax, 5DF716E3h
sub     eax, 224DE7DCh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 6767715Ah
add     eax, 0D1905519h
add     eax, 1FCDFFB6h
sub     eax, 1EE0CBF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 21BB0E98h
sub     eax, 24DD2148h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0C09B192Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 3AAAF6CEh
sub     eax, 0FF0E1024h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D47F0BA1h
add     eax, 0CACD42DEh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 8910253Dh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 7922DB1Fh
xor     eax, 179A5C71h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D75758E1h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 435DF5EBh
add     eax, 1DCC2D29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 959FAD7Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2B50BC74h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 77D17177h
add     eax, 39BC8101h
xor     eax, 45BE74A9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 85F0AB05h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 4F86D362h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 5B7926F6h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0CC199428h
add     eax, 79C97415h
xor     eax, 0FBB1AB43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 675FFAA5h
sub     eax, 222B63E7h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 3091A985h
sub     eax, 0B2EC2047h
sub     eax, 65B41A59h
add     eax, 0F2FC2F17h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 3B6E0A4Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 935798B2h
sub     eax, 0F9745BA5h
add     eax, 0D608B111h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E4668CA4h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 7DE9ED92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 580FC6E4h
add     eax, 0F39952FFh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 23307C55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0C1C57331h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0F9EE3706h
xor     eax, 3F5A6828h
xor     eax, 0B36DCF94h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 32DDAE6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5391150Ah
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 9125AB3Dh
xor     eax, 15D054C0h
sub     eax, 9B155FEBh
xor     eax, 7323C5EBh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 25C5EA8Dh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 8FA5BFB8h
xor     eax, 0C9FADD7Ch
add     eax, 223125E5h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 34BE26B0h
add     eax, 6581C75Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 635E4973h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 870DC11Ah
add     eax, 0F22AC05Dh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 583509C0h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0B60E1B25h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 10C54BECh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 9683C259h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 77D9F055h
xor     eax, 8E5D3E1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0BDE1354Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F0D9A918h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 6285FEE7h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 8285E5A2h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 63D14499h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 84102D85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 268CB570h
xor     eax, 23C2F3D2h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0AC83712Dh
add     eax, 84DA5507h
xor     eax, 28282A1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 75F6BD66h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 4A3FC76Dh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 2E320B98h
xor     eax, 0F26D353Dh
xor     eax, 0E2B20C95h
xor     eax, 5C5C7A5Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7DFFD901h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0DFE385F1h
xor     eax, 23E81DE2h
add     eax, 1E198C8Fh
xor     eax, 0A661EFB6h
not     eax
add     eax, 750BED58h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0A9CB0518h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5ED4F550h
xor     eax, 0FA0FBC2Ch
add     eax, 76C8BA8Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0F0AEBA0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 187DFF88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DFEB482Eh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DB5F0991h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 949494F2h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0C92EA8BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 1A804C15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 7879A9EAh
xor     eax, 20F381D0h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0C967F6B5h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 9DB619AFh
sub     eax, 0ADA7CF25h
add     eax, 8F1D71F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0AE55A173h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0D01B9EDBh
sub     eax, 34699897h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CC3AD95Eh
add     eax, 0DC7B112Eh
sub     eax, 2BB9E765h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 4DF93453h
xor     eax, 7D3AC6F2h
add     eax, 3B2226D9h
xor     eax, 4E5D1C1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EB073D9Eh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 29BE3CF0h
sub     eax, 0AC7C59B9h
sub     eax, 9BD80FEFh
sub     eax, 0F23893ACh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0BE6A6386h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E309CDC6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F2A6E689h
xor     eax, 151FA3C3h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 3DBE1594h
sub     eax, 0E50EC0CDh
sub     eax, 89860E80h
sub     eax, 602586DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5CA1FC64h
add     eax, 0F93013FAh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 78CE3274h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B0F6B2C7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EDD0BBBEh
add     eax, 72A0F4EEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BAD529A6h
add     eax, 33F58F49h
sub     eax, 240DBFC5h
xor     eax, 0D8E7B055h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E4CE6053h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B640584Fh
sub     eax, 810DA4FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 52342CAFh
sub     eax, 0A8378377h
xor     eax, 0C5643D83h
xor     eax, 7FAC2F77h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F7F633FBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 9074492Fh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 8E69CFE9h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 1FFB6DFEh
xor     eax, 0C155C2D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 46174BB3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CE216283h
not     eax
xor     eax, 252A1856h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 82E0AD23h
add     eax, 5D9AB371h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0F61EBF7Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0C5A2EE20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 23638DBAh
xor     eax, 9E2626B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0E56D413Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E5EC943Dh
sub     eax, 6F749AD3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 32B350CAh
add     eax, 0D1356AEAh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0E3DBA345h
sub     eax, 86E1517Ah
sub     eax, 6564B90Dh
xor     eax, 8CB10B07h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 3DB8CCC5h
xor     eax, 888C499Bh
xor     eax, 15293624h
xor     eax, 0CA95A7EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 30C5318Dh
xor     eax, 0CFD77EDEh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0A7008BEDh
sub     eax, 0ACB4C1A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4EB695A0h
xor     eax, 0CA8C0664h
add     eax, 0B1BC029Dh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0DBF75457h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0C3157E17h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 2C95739Dh
add     eax, 2C54EBB4h
add     eax, 0A562EA6Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0E597E8D1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2C312039h
sub     eax, 0C1079F99h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 7D73EF0Fh
add     eax, 75CA31F2h
xor     eax, 5B01595Ah
sub     eax, 65A4889Eh
add     eax, 55047D64h
not     eax
add     eax, 69BE2CDEh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 33D49837h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B9CDA3B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6DF6CCEDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B0561C68h
xor     eax, 0CFB34782h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0A30186D8h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0D1870F92h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 9D94434Dh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 33FEC855h
xor     eax, 0A063F53Fh
sub     eax, 0AD513591h
xor     eax, 851CC717h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 275A7DFBh
sub     eax, 0C9961CE1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C8AEEBA8h
sub     eax, 0A31712C4h
add     eax, 89D92096h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 85FBF5B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5E85A316h
add     eax, 5B968EB9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0F5BF229Ch
add     eax, 3FD2B277h
sub     eax, 96D9B8ADh
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0EEAD7FD6h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 1DF59ED8h
sub     eax, 99AA335Ah
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 4A97B48Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 85F79237h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 2CFF3057h
add     eax, 0AC8DE87Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 1A687091h
sub     eax, 6EFEB3E0h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0B110A2C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 3DCBB4BDh
add     eax, 3DFFA8BAh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 4B05DAF0h
xor     eax, 80E5E602h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 71ABF04Eh
sub     eax, 1D6F26A5h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0B56D6F85h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0EC049DF0h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 6722EC29h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BF988D3Fh
xor     eax, 0C67610D0h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 9DEA1855h
add     eax, 0F38C7BB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 822F4356h
add     eax, 4529B8F3h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0F8EB265Ah
xor     eax, 11EE631Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9F03203Ah
add     eax, 0CB487A4Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 4222513Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7FA8A750h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3E9EB3C8h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0C8F381C5h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0EA74472Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0A8851D0Ch
sub     eax, 0FE581BAEh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 48B6677Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BDCB00E2h
xor     eax, 272E275Eh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 1959477Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 772A128Ch
xor     eax, 688A709Ch
sub     eax, 0A490D13Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EADF0B9Ah
add     eax, 0EC9A13B9h
xor     eax, 311045A9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 3C62FBF7h
xor     eax, 0F0C66827h
sub     eax, 0C70659CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3F9B0503h
xor     eax, 0DD73BC17h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0D9108B4Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 68C123D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 96F630A7h
sub     eax, 55102010h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0C608644Ch
sub     eax, 0BD93677Bh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 907B297Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0A935A8E0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 661A7D64h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 36DCA89Dh
xor     eax, 79ADF00Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4BCA23CBh
xor     eax, 4D9EACFFh
xor     eax, 9BA462C9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BC4BE31Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7E18A56Ch
add     eax, 0DE1E17B1h
xor     eax, 0F0D5F812h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 8FBF9D30h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D7D8920Dh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 94E01741h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 743A4676h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 88FD387Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8AA17DD1h
sub     eax, 0A3208C51h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FCB3E498h
xor     eax, 3B939742h
add     eax, 46131DBFh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5F46D4AEh
add     eax, 236A047Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 74733E69h
xor     eax, 87A242F3h
sub     eax, 439C9C82h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 5DD78539h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2406729Dh
sub     eax, 0C76176FBh
sub     eax, 7AFADC48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5A29EA13h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 927B6D9Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ED6886A8h
xor     eax, 5EC7AE74h
xor     eax, 0DA6C03FAh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0EA060260h
sub     eax, 8F8CC225h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0DC1425E6h
add     eax, 0A1C9D596h
sub     eax, 0F8BE8C47h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F3421CA1h
xor     eax, 8CC14714h
add     eax, 0FB0B954Dh
add     eax, 0DADB9FB5h
xor     eax, 6A8ECEA6h
not     eax
add     eax, 1173627Eh
sub     eax, 0F2691127h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 16B3FC20h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2D8BF1C5h
sub     eax, 391FFA41h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2E31CA60h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E82BD2B6h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 19990F28h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0B081FB45h
sub     eax, 51292147h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D63BE083h
sub     eax, 58337123h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 94A49761h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0A0693E36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C87D791Eh
xor     eax, 317917E5h
add     eax, 0BF42B40Eh
add     eax, 0D345376Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 104F518Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 997B89FBh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 94758C6Ch
xor     eax, 0B9CAC0C9h
xor     eax, 0F67DC3DEh
add     eax, 88728A63h
xor     eax, 50838193h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B1BF094Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 54870CF1h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4EFA0959h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 73532A8Dh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 86299D80h
xor     eax, 78C8A3A1h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2267AC28h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 295238C1h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 7D3DBA83h
sub     eax, 0B5816961h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 6F412B6Bh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0A62F89DBh
add     eax, 84B65D50h
not     eax
sub     eax, 882506EEh
sub     eax, 60FD20D8h
xor     eax, 27951423h
add     eax, 7425F9ACh
sub     eax, 5E5E15CDh
sub     eax, 9CA3996Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 131DAA34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 757AC36Eh
add     eax, 0A09C0B10h
xor     eax, 0C6355289h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0C0469EDDh
add     eax, 0B1E0CE45h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BCDA43F7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0EEB7DD27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0E3F28FDFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0FCD99403h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4A4D4FB5h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9545EE1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4EF394F5h
xor     eax, 3090FA0Bh
add     eax, 0D5CE64A5h
xor     eax, 8A5A3EF0h
sub     eax, 324D8ED4h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BCF41796h
xor     eax, 0D17D28F0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 40F97648h
add     eax, 0A9A34F2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 32EB2464h
sub     eax, 10D4CCA0h
sub     eax, 340BF287h
xor     eax, 47107359h
add     eax, 96C68B6Eh
add     eax, 4B4BF643h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 462DE82Fh
xor     eax, 0AF7B17B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F728150Ch
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0A8506F28h
xor     eax, 1DA049D4h
sub     eax, 57F77AEEh
not     eax
add     eax, 4DDAB2B7h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0FD126E35h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 66B312CBh
sub     eax, 0B50F707Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 72BD6162h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CD24294Fh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 9F7AD3CBh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 6091F15Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 28A66021h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 66EE8861h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 96AAA78Ch
add     eax, 41989AF5h
add     eax, 4DA23311h
xor     eax, 945DEB23h
add     eax, 0A8A31D87h
xor     eax, 72A7F200h
sub     eax, 1B2584FAh
xor     eax, 1FAE6043h
add     eax, 12F7E956h
xor     eax, 6EF9F322h
sub     eax, 794115F7h
xor     eax, 5714271Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 66E3353Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E425E3F7h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2BFC4AA6h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0CB28AC27h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 7BE3C4B1h
add     eax, 0A039A70Fh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0AAA96D89h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8695350Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 51404DDAh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 845AC247h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 8D0BF3FFh
add     eax, 8CF12222h
sub     eax, 0C63B98F5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 997FBAB3h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A6DC3A3Eh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0D24F9B94h
add     eax, 0F403BC54h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C92951D7h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0BE06BA40h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E7E8D5DDh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0C129A9DCh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 1DA0DD91h
sub     eax, 0E5FFEBE4h
not     eax
add     eax, 3C03D7E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 21A77F7Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 93F02758h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0D7DB9601h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1AF4DCCCh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0DB25738Ah
add     eax, 0BE5CB78Eh
xor     eax, 6AFCADEEh
add     eax, 0BF4BD781h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 52D7C051h
add     eax, 0CDD80E26h
xor     eax, 8063C7F4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0A4870B44h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 8535D341h
xor     eax, 0D509A951h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0CFB6C66Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0D76E4C20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5F7904D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 932ADB2Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 9DBC87A1h
add     eax, 6BC12DACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 639DA4FBh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0C99F6A12h
add     eax, 9D0E6BBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FC8FE1BCh
add     eax, 72D2D786h
sub     eax, 4705BECCh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0D8177261h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 690853ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A5A779FFh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 8AB5B244h
sub     eax, 0A4995221h
xor     eax, 0E12EFE99h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 99043186h
not     eax
add     eax, 370B3E24h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 6D870056h
add     eax, 79E7912Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D7172B27h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 40BD6921h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1D10DDE2h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5C33D254h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E150E28Dh
xor     eax, 7C18C972h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1D56CD24h
xor     eax, 784D837Eh
xor     eax, 4576F93Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 7DC6E56Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5CDC0F2Ah
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8CEDCAB6h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 31B043A8h
not     eax
add     eax, 8E4B61C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 883D1E6Dh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 25AED8A7h
xor     eax, 7ECE04E9h
sub     eax, 61E3C66Fh
sub     eax, 0B06FFA70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A85E5A81h
xor     eax, 0A2063C9Eh
xor     eax, 0D82D9D90h
xor     eax, 4FC1FD11h
sub     eax, 0B28ABE65h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0CEA91C98h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 772EAE68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BDACC1EFh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 93DAB2FEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 83C58BECh
xor     eax, 0B7C2CBAEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A59EECD8h
xor     eax, 48997C43h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0F10FEFB6h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0C6FE5462h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 6056FE63h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F71EFBD8h
sub     eax, 0BF08B99Dh
add     eax, 12D54455h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0A3B1AD3Bh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0A7E80D83h
sub     eax, 0C4E900E0h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0FFCF3B9Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 5959190Dh
sub     eax, 0CE8E762Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6BAFA712h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 2A87E6BCh
xor     eax, 8D19242Bh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0B2EAE79Ch
sub     eax, 0CAB48051h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0C56E21C9h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 97285579h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 6902FE7Eh
sub     eax, 1D8EACCFh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 63F005C4h
xor     eax, 9A660953h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4C8ABCB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A847E406h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FF7D0E36h
xor     eax, 4BAFA660h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0DDADEA2Fh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0C7A849D9h
xor     eax, 0A831E240h
sub     eax, 802984ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 53778E6Dh
xor     eax, 0E1D49C9Ch
xor     eax, 245A3080h
xor     eax, 859B0FC6h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 94382958h
add     eax, 1EB85B1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 1A2CC5D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3D544E16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 88686C3Fh
xor     eax, 0DB9E9AA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 1A45ADEEh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0DECF4563h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 2BB0F375h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 1DFDA4E5h
not     eax
add     eax, 0ADA5B10Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 564D6D26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0F566DEA2h
add     eax, 40E5FE3Ch
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 85A57D1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DC6F4F7Dh
xor     eax, 8AE06EE6h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 3A2F4341h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 69F0042Ch
sub     eax, 0DFA9DB2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 16844151h
xor     eax, 0B90D6997h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 677D17FEh
sub     eax, 0DB9E96FDh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D7895854h
xor     eax, 707D5E1Ah
xor     eax, 0FA8A3AE8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DB2AC350h
sub     eax, 364638BEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ACB1ED31h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BCB5CF5Bh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0B90DBA04h
sub     eax, 0F34AEA78h
xor     eax, 7A2AB820h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A98213F7h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0D503155Bh
xor     eax, 7CCAD291h
add     eax, 0D3691B75h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 13107B84h
xor     eax, 2E18A22Ah
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3018DAA9h
sub     eax, 0E49B10EEh
add     eax, 704EC039h
sub     eax, 53EF505Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AD07081Ah
sub     eax, 74B039DBh
add     eax, 312A193Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C98A3DC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 79C9474Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0F4032E2Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B938319Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 9116D25Fh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 34F7C060h
add     eax, 1685D898h
xor     eax, 4D525B71h
xor     eax, 9D90B2DAh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0AB4B4EB3h
sub     eax, 2A8CFC08h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0B25EC960h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 6A3C98BEh
xor     eax, 0A9E54453h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 687CFF84h
add     eax, 4DA7D49Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C3962C1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 4CE0F286h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 3B71D8B1h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C327DBE5h
add     eax, 0C29811B9h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0FCF517A1h
add     eax, 429083D1h
sub     eax, 62388D9Bh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 552787D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0BD6B8460h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 99CD8E83h
add     eax, 90101E36h
sub     eax, 0D61C81B1h
add     eax, 5BAC7564h
sub     eax, 0E71ADBC2h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 5358A59Fh
xor     eax, 0B67EC405h
sub     eax, 0E86722F1h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 2066CC3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D5B3DF17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D3481D22h
add     eax, 0E875B61Ch
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 5D006FB7h
xor     eax, 25AB0165h
xor     eax, 35DF1A4Ch
sub     eax, 0E58F6C37h
xor     eax, 0EE7DC3ACh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0EF204311h
xor     eax, 62E9AA1Ch
xor     eax, 0B11E185Fh
sub     eax, 2D28DA7Ch
xor     eax, 0DBB8615Fh
xor     eax, 1534A869h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A280B39Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0ABCC35E2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 557B10A6h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 1A583E38h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 78A70211h
xor     eax, 0C4744953h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 5E8DDA8Ah
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0A865973Bh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3B8F3F55h
add     eax, 69C17089h
sub     eax, 14C661EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E7CA436Ch
add     eax, 4E6BD8D0h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 57D11A95h
add     eax, 2532A81Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 86F0D7FEh
add     eax, 6924434Dh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 5BED69A5h
xor     eax, 0C18414E4h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 9A5DDD7Dh
add     eax, 1FC8B2CBh
sub     eax, 1E8B34CFh
sub     eax, 6E277C35h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 3E448C3Bh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0B46A80E4h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A83AF943h
add     eax, 579E4F60h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 3298FCFDh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 8DA905AAh
xor     eax, 8D989063h
sub     eax, 679B093Ah
sub     eax, 10AA1B5Bh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 3D4AB8B3h
sub     eax, 70796AE7h
add     eax, 1BC7D6AFh
add     eax, 7D1DFF47h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 29530B39h
add     eax, 0BCA3EA3Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C1D2E4F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F3A71AA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0BE7985E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 853D35AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2B2B5516h
xor     eax, 0EBE87347h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0D0825799h
xor     eax, 0B5A0D9B2h
sub     eax, 6444FC55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BBDC65D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9FDC1C92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 184CEA7Dh
sub     eax, 67335C04h
add     eax, 15CF9219h
sub     eax, 11C67281h
sub     eax, 264CC8F7h
add     eax, 4110FA20h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 43BD68E9h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F8A425F1h
xor     eax, 0AE77561Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 39ED82A5h
xor     eax, 4B7E0595h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E5E2CD6Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 5F367AADh
sub     eax, 9A9250C2h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0A9374F78h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0C8FD1E41h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D196F169h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0A04A161Ah
sub     eax, 914D38B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FC7688CCh
sub     eax, 20ED54E5h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 84DA62AEh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 2FD46AF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 52F9B914h
xor     eax, 0F8953AE5h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 420E8B37h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1EAB1AB4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0E4F56895h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6C37E849h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 5C63FB58h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 2FDAC3B6h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0F92CC624h
xor     eax, 1448067Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 9E83FCD4h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D43C0051h
sub     eax, 0CED742BBh
xor     eax, 0CE5267D1h
xor     eax, 459B4E9Ah
xor     eax, 0EB4FC54Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 935C0E86h
xor     eax, 4A71B45Bh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 639C15C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2CA0205Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 2AD7E913h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EF8A686Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E8924796h
add     eax, 3F50549Fh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9F802B3Ah
sub     eax, 0C3B3DEF4h
sub     eax, 0DF7D3684h
add     eax, 0D7FF42B4h
sub     eax, 15AF4E87h
xor     eax, 7E86B4B0h
sub     eax, 49D9510Bh
add     eax, 0BE098307h
add     eax, 0E6CFF8D0h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0B5D6E429h
add     eax, 285DC5CAh
xor     eax, 32A4D35Eh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 9A39D914h
xor     eax, 6D78CF84h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 43D1BBD7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BD55049Eh
add     eax, 0F6DCA357h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 8632C1B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0BF1B8B1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 1B0FA3D9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B2B6FB6Fh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 57BB9FEDh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0DAE20F3Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 7CE824B2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 57AD8633h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 33C6E360h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8631D100h
sub     eax, 7DD962C6h
xor     eax, 3ADE7602h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CA0030CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 39D45AD2h
sub     eax, 52E9B3BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0C0DF0CF1h
xor     eax, 0BB44060Bh
add     eax, 498A14CCh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0DC24B1B8h
add     eax, 149B4F65h
add     eax, 0E3C5E18Ch
xor     eax, 0E57495B0h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0FD9C9FF1h
sub     eax, 0E828F8BFh
add     eax, 0DD3C1EE4h
add     eax, 4DE06AFDh
xor     eax, 0D2171573h
add     eax, 99CCBE02h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 7B6544A1h
add     eax, 0AC3113D6h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5D54FE1Bh
add     eax, 563840E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 577A98EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B26A0CB6h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 2DD09746h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 70CEB94Bh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0E4C82AECh
add     eax, 9D2654BDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F190109Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D8C5B860h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 6291A867h
xor     eax, 0C070A0B0h
xor     eax, 15A7965Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0EE2FE8BEh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0EAE12DBBh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D73052ADh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0F4882D2Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8DBAA4AEh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4AA25B61h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0D9BC77B2h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 7D5F94CEh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CDDC3243h
xor     eax, 7354A212h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 51CBF39Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 4815DE2Ah
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0D24B0C87h
sub     eax, 0F7C3325Bh
add     eax, 0C31253AAh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 6A464074h
xor     eax, 10BF758Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0FCF49AEAh
xor     eax, 0A0CE52C9h
xor     eax, 4E590C9Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 90549028h
add     eax, 1387C5FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 6D47B6A5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0B7AA9579h
xor     eax, 0B3F1F133h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 67C71A6Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0CBFC31C9h
xor     eax, 3107D451h
sub     eax, 20B44D53h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B1EB6F37h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 14B234DEh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 151576F2h
add     eax, 0AC2A47BFh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0A1607801h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 88DCAAD1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8F4CB018h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 86F7ADFAh
xor     eax, 0A06BBF8Ah
xor     eax, 4101371Ah
add     eax, 7E007549h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4D6D5A6Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 10D23961h
xor     eax, 25B2B89Ch
add     eax, 0BBD1C813h
add     eax, 3B5B17F0h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 175749EEh
add     eax, 0FEAF95F1h
sub     eax, 654C7AD8h
xor     eax, 0D4A66637h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 6E9392A8h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 37836B4Eh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 87B75B6Bh
sub     eax, 5A31DE27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 26952D55h
xor     eax, 6893D8A3h
not     eax
add     eax, 32E4FEFBh
sub     eax, 97F4D324h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 94D9CDBDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 26D8BE97h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7154288Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 32A92D98h
xor     eax, 17FEC370h
not     eax
add     eax, 4C4455C6h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 65DD19D0h
sub     eax, 825F7BC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AA1ABCD7h
add     eax, 16F4FC10h
xor     eax, 0BB4F5C13h
xor     eax, 0DF96EF67h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 94917323h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E4307A1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 69F2F2ADh
sub     eax, 2970E6B9h
sub     eax, 0A6083497h
add     eax, 41B04629h
sub     eax, 97613B89h
xor     eax, 6986944Dh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0E084057Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 155DF8AFh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0DE1CB8F9h
sub     eax, 0E566DE8Dh
xor     eax, 914D3D43h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0F45C5435h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A84D6D89h
add     eax, 7AF40384h
sub     eax, 0E27AE75Fh
add     eax, 0D40262AAh
sub     eax, 68B3775Bh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 9642DE90h
sub     eax, 5E39EE44h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4DBA4008h
add     eax, 0CA6273BDh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EE7D4CF5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1D425BCCh
xor     eax, 0CCE94F57h
sub     eax, 64D90543h
sub     eax, 28945AB4h
add     eax, 707BD388h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0D7BFD7F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B55385DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 70B023DAh
add     eax, 51862B20h
sub     eax, 28CAF36Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 8242514Ch
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0C677797Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CDB9AE23h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 769F425Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 20C2BDECh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 162395A5h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0E94E1FDFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 45CAEB31h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 7CC3B9D2h
xor     eax, 36E6DAAEh
add     eax, 139BF6DFh
xor     eax, 0E4E19E08h
xor     eax, 345060FCh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 5AB87480h
sub     eax, 0B718703Ah
add     eax, 327E0E1Fh
sub     eax, 0BC6C141Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D53FC499h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A97F28AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6914B239h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0B91875ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 12B8171Dh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 29DBD60Eh
xor     eax, 52FBCB45h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 8904B84Ch
sub     eax, 5F4D4D6Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 83B221E8h
add     eax, 7F126300h
add     eax, 0D5901D4Bh
sub     eax, 2DCCD6F3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 521773AFh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0E05A492Ah
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D62EFACh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 3B53731Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 7E308492h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2EE8AB99h
add     eax, 0A6D64DDAh
add     eax, 39259773h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 82D6A242h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B35C1B9Fh
sub     eax, 0B23E4453h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0D67D00CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DF83EFDAh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 8FF5709Bh
sub     eax, 0CF27487Ch
add     eax, 0E61964A9h
add     eax, 0B6571554h
add     eax, 8ADE2AFCh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0AC9802B1h
add     eax, 0D2900FBAh
not     eax
add     eax, 26864E8Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 94AC3840h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BD0DDCC5h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2216044Eh
sub     eax, 398E233Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 7BC2DF6Eh
sub     eax, 41F273D3h
add     eax, 9B76CA38h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 43BAB1B9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 37CB355Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 7A27CD16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 59F9B372h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 301362A5h
add     eax, 0B8067BE0h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 40E05333h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D992553Ch
xor     eax, 4A3DA8ABh
add     eax, 9422BAFFh
add     eax, 8833D462h
add     eax, 0D24B706Bh
add     eax, 0CC402620h
sub     eax, 8423F9ADh
xor     eax, 4F899F05h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0DBE0E432h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E33290DCh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 90C41F52h
add     eax, 5E75C461h
xor     eax, 0E42282D1h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5F8EAF4Fh
add     eax, 60711F43h
add     eax, 0DA829E28h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0D8309335h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F20ED76Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 2B58AC67h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 7D194F7Bh
xor     eax, 623557AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0EEB27F68h
xor     eax, 1B3DFEB3h
add     eax, 489C0CDBh
sub     eax, 0BD116EE2h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0F64740D8h
sub     eax, 458F4F0Bh
add     eax, 20E1D812h
sub     eax, 3BE0652Ch
add     eax, 0B53A842Fh
sub     eax, 6BE2DECBh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3B7F3B92h
add     eax, 20486DD3h
xor     eax, 2C2711B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2B2F1C0Ch
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9DCBB0CAh
sub     eax, 8B09C943h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 338B7223h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5A13C4B8h
sub     eax, 2274618Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 5796FD9Dh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 648E30FFh
add     eax, 5FA9EA60h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4B4C8E60h
add     eax, 77F116CFh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0CF5010B9h
add     eax, 0E39B956Bh
sub     eax, 0D453D89Eh
xor     eax, 4A6BE4DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 10E7E74Ah
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 1F9020DAh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 197424B2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 167C4828h
xor     eax, 1D14CEA2h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AF3D6EB6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A4348576h
sub     eax, 75801F11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F9BDC149h
add     eax, 32C8BC93h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 84D7E333h
xor     eax, 278455CCh
xor     eax, 0BC22E388h
sub     eax, 0A4503BC5h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 59F8A228h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 247EDD61h
add     eax, 14B1AF58h
add     eax, 91FC2177h
add     eax, 41785D14h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 30DCFCEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BE83DF97h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 54C16997h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0D98CC8FDh
xor     eax, 27AC274Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4A3D394Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A7E21836h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 3AE39E81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 28D66D30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 5B80CBD1h
xor     eax, 4A6A623Eh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0AE81343Bh
sub     eax, 2D61A3C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8DDCFD48h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0A9AC62F6h
add     eax, 0CABA2C0Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 7AC9EE28h
xor     eax, 0AD568919h
sub     eax, 542AF048h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0FD5F3B26h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C685EB52h
add     eax, 96EDB5DAh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0F5F13064h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 86D2EB13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 572D60EBh
add     eax, 0BF819C8Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0DE11B84Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E0C6202Ch
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 8E1E8214h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0D23C2ACFh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 6A9BBF13h
sub     eax, 0B4B49314h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 1CA6B096h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0AEB3DAA2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0D1D963EAh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 93F3692Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5F688E8Fh
sub     eax, 0A27A4E19h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DA6A7556h
xor     eax, 28422CCFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0C93524C5h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E2626E40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 42234BB8h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 51734FF3h
add     eax, 6673B091h
sub     eax, 0F2BB1A1Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 3B925353h
xor     eax, 8A31A2EEh
xor     eax, 8C0357E1h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 5C165DF8h
add     eax, 0A8023B58h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 57F2C42Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 79CDCA2Ch
xor     eax, 0AD97C1A6h
sub     eax, 2DBEDC6Ch
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0D181D3CBh
sub     eax, 9142E5B3h
sub     eax, 0C7723DE9h
sub     eax, 0E16ABF4Dh
add     eax, 7580C01Ah
sub     eax, 0B7A85C66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6DC0C199h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C715A37Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0AFD79E5Eh
xor     eax, 5226423Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 331A1A9Ah
sub     eax, 4AD8A27Bh
xor     eax, 617CFB98h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C76D7AC6h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 632F6B50h
add     eax, 8192AAA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E8FD92C7h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0B3DFCA63h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 527C7901h
sub     eax, 0C82E967Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 2E8AFD0Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B0E8B28Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 32F6C17Ah
sub     eax, 76BD046Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 157B23D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 528AFA65h
add     eax, 974E5E32h
add     eax, 0B5F814E8h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 4C8B6C9Eh
xor     eax, 4AF022A8h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 502E35E0h
sub     eax, 0E3EB106Ch
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 400CB53Ch
sub     eax, 3580FC3Dh
add     eax, 2AAD420Bh
add     eax, 0C014FD1Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 511CC391h
add     eax, 0A772D35Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 6150CF15h
xor     eax, 5CAB734Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D63851A4h
add     eax, 0E17BC4C3h
xor     eax, 6E0502B7h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BB6195EDh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 1A2A4C1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 10C21437h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 45702D0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0E13A8DEDh
add     eax, 2C3A5BBCh
add     eax, 0E798F457h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 4BE6787Ah
sub     eax, 42AAF7F1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 20DC70DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 858BCBECh
add     eax, 45990CEDh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 7BBC42FEh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E99DFB00h
sub     eax, 998D3B23h
sub     eax, 0AF12D321h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0F1F9FCDFh
xor     eax, 0C3A54A5Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C702AE2Bh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0AE9CA219h
xor     eax, 9A665F05h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5CA80F1Bh
xor     eax, 8EF73030h
xor     eax, 0F4C141F2h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A555D436h
xor     eax, 503EB4E7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 90F3F3FBh
add     eax, 118A12DEh
add     eax, 98366594h
sub     eax, 0B401FED1h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0B62FF7A5h
sub     eax, 0D9BB9A94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0EAAFE2DFh
add     eax, 4FE8BAD5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 34C6090Bh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0D2DA1397h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FE483EE9h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 89F14464h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0F86D04D4h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0F357E3F1h
xor     eax, 0CF153608h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CDF2890Bh
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2465B56Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0B705BE05h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 47980F0Eh
add     eax, 0FB88FF78h
sub     eax, 44FE4DBCh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0A4A3A7ACh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 3453C7DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3F51AC6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A5E329F7h
xor     eax, 1705AABCh
xor     eax, 10F4DC19h
sub     eax, 6C140898h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 34B588EEh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B1A3652h
sub     eax, 0F6C9E8EBh
sub     eax, 1787F47Eh
sub     eax, 5FC1AD5Ah
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 96C62673h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7C961264h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3109B431h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 607114B7h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F2BD7846h
xor     eax, 6DC9A936h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C1632360h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9386C56Eh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6218801Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9395569Ah
xor     eax, 62612DD5h
sub     eax, 6CDDF9D0h
add     eax, 262B748Dh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 6A6E5C38h
add     eax, 0FFD6E12Eh
sub     eax, 0CB84CD76h
add     eax, 9F9A28D3h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 4E5F5DF3h
xor     eax, 0DA95E4CFh
add     eax, 0D0627495h
sub     eax, 0EAC35CEFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 479B00CFh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0A91EF7BDh
xor     eax, 0CE8D835Fh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 4ECF501Dh
sub     eax, 15A744BEh
add     eax, 0EB5CCD15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3CDCA309h
xor     eax, 0A4A5A66Dh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0ABA39E81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0A8A9FC19h
sub     eax, 0FF31BE9Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0A6BA1278h
xor     eax, 8F6D0143h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 50F43A76h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 3C0045E5h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 2A885209h
xor     eax, 1D7020CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BE156154h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0D5E502E6h
sub     eax, 10F430DFh
sub     eax, 0AC8EEF65h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 20407849h
sub     eax, 5C1E8B78h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0EA7BDDD1h
sub     eax, 8713E342h
add     eax, 66332C19h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0FC2BDE6Ch
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 24080CE9h
add     eax, 8F571762h
sub     eax, 0A76DC0FFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2BCA5C3Bh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 441E9F80h
add     eax, 0DC7B3713h
xor     eax, 2438D621h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 91AB9406h
xor     eax, 72373E46h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F0DA3400h
add     eax, 601DBBB4h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D2602757h
sub     eax, 9F2E40F0h
add     eax, 6A03603Ch
add     eax, 0BDE81AE0h
sub     eax, 0FBC70A02h
xor     eax, 0D7657B9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 77B2D2D6h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0F234D199h
sub     eax, 0A690B50Fh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 5826EE51h
add     eax, 0B5976A76h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9982CC8Ah
add     eax, 0C52119C7h
xor     eax, 8328412Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 6C65ADA1h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C5E5BA3Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B6869673h
add     eax, 41A44AE8h
not     eax
add     eax, 741AE3D7h
xor     eax, 4A3F6BA8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1565CBE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 31A4B085h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 6538B35Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CCB0486Bh
add     eax, 6FE81787h
xor     eax, 445A32D5h
sub     eax, 0A20367E4h
xor     eax, 24E4F45Bh
add     eax, 0B20CFECFh
sub     eax, 0B1E99BC1h
sub     eax, 0B459DE0Ah
add     eax, 87DE047Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 8F9D5E51h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 8E52FF18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0E8E41F01h
xor     eax, 0CA51C0DDh
xor     eax, 9AB960DDh
xor     eax, 0B1D306C4h
xor     eax, 7B397708h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 1C528738h
not     eax
add     eax, 1224ACC4h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 5EF2DBC1h
xor     eax, 5D643BF0h
add     eax, 99D35401h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 5B2D43D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B2435F96h
not     eax
add     eax, 72940E43h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0D2A2CD4Dh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 731F103Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C2A33BF1h
sub     eax, 0FE8E499Dh
sub     eax, 827EBF06h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FCA24963h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 9A356A48h
add     eax, 9E6F1F16h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0D2AF4BB2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 486A5C60h
xor     eax, 78664ED4h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0CD20A013h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0AB90CF6Ch
add     eax, 0C30554C6h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D10CE33Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 8D6548C3h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0C3340D2Ch
add     eax, 2DB81017h
sub     eax, 0BDD362FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3D1EFB35h
sub     eax, 964BF360h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 34B71954h
xor     eax, 0B323860Fh
add     eax, 0EF66862Eh
sub     eax, 7062AC11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 48913E37h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A382E4E0h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 737EF05Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CE375668h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 8CBD6D4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 836B9783h
sub     eax, 1D656C59h
xor     eax, 0D1A5F79Dh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 1E31E68Fh
xor     eax, 61075710h
not     eax
sub     eax, 308EEBDFh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0FE68BFB8h
xor     eax, 769B83CBh
add     eax, 0C03306A2h
xor     eax, 0DBA9993Bh
sub     eax, 0B0BF89D0h
xor     eax, 91F39A78h
add     eax, 1EFEB20Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0DCE0BD9Ah
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2F938B6Bh
add     eax, 134F91CAh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A51E466Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F265CB96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0EB3EFED2h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 1992E8D6h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0B99A5E9Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BAF4F689h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 7282714Dh
xor     eax, 6DBBA37Bh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0D4332AACh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 3455D007h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0B8427E09h
xor     eax, 9CFFB4CFh
add     eax, 5B45E021h
add     eax, 5E116228h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 88BA9685h
add     eax, 0A958F9BBh
sub     eax, 953B9832h
add     eax, 9D6E9ED1h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 52FAD87Bh
sub     eax, 2E7273DCh
add     eax, 7D9466FDh
add     eax, 43707ED2h
xor     eax, 7197B632h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CACF25D9h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D877C27Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 574AAAA1h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 67CD34CDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8E1E371Ah
xor     eax, 137ADD3Bh
add     eax, 90AE7769h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 9BD7FE7Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 4F9C2C2Ah
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 2F72034Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 57F466F2h
sub     eax, 23C225A1h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0ECB2D13Dh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B7A47FFEh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 44F45E2Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 755D6767h
sub     eax, 86972AEDh
xor     eax, 0ED9D4FBDh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AFA07E0Fh
sub     eax, 9B47E54Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 58D56318h
add     eax, 43654CCFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 818D677Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 27524989h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7A6FA8C3h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0EFF2A26Fh
add     eax, 0B662E4E0h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0C19DBC15h
sub     eax, 8F0E793Dh
add     eax, 13AAC36Dh
sub     eax, 0EE4826FCh
add     eax, 0E7A8B448h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8EC8F5CAh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0A9CA5B1Eh
sub     eax, 653355DCh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D8573726h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 9540A4B2h
add     eax, 51471157h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 4010646Ch
sub     eax, 0E138029Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 421EA7D6h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 339117B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A3671964h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ED49D3B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D02206ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5939F30Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C6D41EA0h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0AC0358D1h
xor     eax, 94075D8Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0D85EA4BEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E69AC255h
xor     eax, 0A01C6396h
add     eax, 1EC9788Fh
add     eax, 0AF01AC00h
xor     eax, 1D011DACh
xor     eax, 25D56432h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 92050696h
add     eax, 29257488h
sub     eax, 7464EB62h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 83808796h
add     eax, 0DAF4E65Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 3321525Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9CDA2E29h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 68A3D29Bh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 1EB29201h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0C4111F5Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 33E51A28h
xor     eax, 38163389h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 23CB49F8h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E2BCB430h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5D93CC4Eh
xor     eax, 5F6CFDC9h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 930F7E59h
sub     eax, 895475ACh
sub     eax, 6284EAB4h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 72DA286Bh
sub     eax, 127A2C3Ch
add     eax, 656D8C33h
sub     eax, 48CFAC47h
add     eax, 0C77F04A3h
sub     eax, 0AF6010B6h
add     eax, 0BAD62B93h
add     eax, 5CEA52ADh
add     eax, 4AE26E93h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 674A7E3Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 9BE87060h
xor     eax, 59C24530h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0BAC1D516h
xor     eax, 8EAE23C1h
xor     eax, 0AB07C524h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E2E5E61Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6589C0F4h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 36A42499h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 676477B9h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A5052BDAh
sub     eax, 42881C74h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9A3EA276h
xor     eax, 46714B27h
xor     eax, 0ECF92B6Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 689BBBE7h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0A497C48Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 78CDCC7Ah
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0B0F4C126h
sub     eax, 0D6FCE03Bh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 472096E0h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 4BEE0FEBh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 532619CBh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F9B12AF0h
add     eax, 7946C7ACh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0A982F937h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F9B2823Eh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6ED3D604h
sub     eax, 0A9FD27C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 81230B0Ah
sub     eax, 0BF496323h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5A0DF7D8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CE097640h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9F3CAD2Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C4FE8643h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9480C0EDh
add     eax, 0CA30B8FDh
add     eax, 96DB5DD0h
add     eax, 323FD71Eh
add     eax, 0E0F4A0E5h
sub     eax, 2D17879Ah
xor     eax, 0F8A97E33h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 1DA98C32h
xor     eax, 0A562687Eh
xor     eax, 0DC519470h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 4DC9F107h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0CB890CE7h
xor     eax, 350F3BE5h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 9D9559AFh
xor     eax, 0FC1BFF0Ch
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0BFCE87B0h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0F3CB29FEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 982E4F3Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 386F2984h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E770CC0h
add     eax, 0E91A0859h
sub     eax, 4BD78FF2h
sub     eax, 0D99A64A6h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0FBF619CFh
add     eax, 202665E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A05BD0C5h
xor     eax, 0C7A482C2h
sub     eax, 17AC86C4h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C297BFAAh
add     eax, 333EECB0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 497BF23Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 581D2F64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4B34F91Eh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 18F27FD4h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0F781C29Eh
xor     eax, 3FE25C4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0E305EB3Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 20AADF80h
sub     eax, 934838F6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0EA473A4Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DA3E26F1h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4CBC6F40h
add     eax, 84D91975h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3E5DA99Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 340474ACh
xor     eax, 0B202611Ch
add     eax, 97F2D386h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7728E31Eh
add     eax, 13DB0790h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0E822FB5Ah
xor     eax, 0EB917F1Ah
xor     eax, 0AE8FC045h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5CB3DC3Ch
xor     eax, 2C47BBC8h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4A3C519Eh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 416B6E38h
add     eax, 0F46C3C78h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 53607A6Eh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0BC92455Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 7C0CE85Dh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 852A779Eh
add     eax, 0EA712849h
xor     eax, 9C989DE7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0EA5B50A8h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 96E7F849h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7306249h
sub     eax, 7A0C1E8Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 2997BFB2h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 6684BC65h
xor     eax, 0EB6D0FBBh
sub     eax, 1CE9D2D6h
sub     eax, 3EBBA120h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 44164DAFh
xor     eax, 8EA8B1DEh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 8216E083h
xor     eax, 0D487C12Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 97E4827Bh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 24AC0345h
xor     eax, 1B62845Eh
xor     eax, 386EE6EAh
xor     eax, 59855632h
add     eax, 4C02FD31h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 0D9576BDDh
add     eax, 0CF133BEAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C2F41114h
xor     eax, 7B1800B4h
xor     eax, 0B19A985Fh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 573085B6h
add     eax, 32CBB5C6h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3B306DF2h
xor     eax, 0CEB46069h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A0DC181Fh
xor     eax, 835B5724h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0A8FE6D39h
xor     eax, 0C0A3C17Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1A6C52B3h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 2210F416h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F7771DCFh
xor     eax, 7A2A662Ah
xor     eax, 66D78883h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D465CD48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 741B72ACh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 6B5B3E84h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0A21ABF05h
xor     eax, 25A815C0h
sub     eax, 0CD849630h
xor     eax, 2A45E8E9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 92268101h
xor     eax, 8E442782h
add     eax, 3A15EC5Dh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 1482D7F5h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 64292FCAh
add     eax, 4CEAEB5Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 253640C6h
xor     eax, 74CA6970h
add     eax, 95B5BC88h
add     eax, 86E1AA0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C9A1471Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D546C8FBh
xor     eax, 7D6190B3h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 60D421D1h
add     eax, 7C712D18h
add     eax, 0AAC9E58Eh
add     eax, 0E401C5BAh
xor     eax, 1D4E245Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0C29462A9h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 84ED3D51h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0E2144424h
xor     eax, 96373506h
sub     eax, 0C4466FB0h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 49EC0728h
sub     eax, 6F015A65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 9466EB1Ch
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 3FA71629h
sub     eax, 35E0F588h
sub     eax, 9DA7FBF6h
add     eax, 399673FBh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BB2F42BBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 73678FE0h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0D238ED6Dh
sub     eax, 0D0256316h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0A144E003h
xor     eax, 6000746Fh
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 5B6C2BF4h
sub     eax, 0B6BA344Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 8CCF6230h
sub     eax, 506933FDh
xor     eax, 68ED5ADBh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0B7D3EBFBh
add     eax, 3F69AE3Bh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 676A8CB1h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0F0594D73h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 821F27A0h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0E68DD526h
not     eax
sub     eax, 597DB64Fh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 405BB6BCh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AE33BEFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 66B867C6h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 949C5432h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 53216325h
not     eax
sub     eax, 75D185BEh
sub     eax, 106FA259h
sub     eax, 2DE9972Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0CA5468FEh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0ACC240D6h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 3F4A52FAh
add     eax, 3425C6B6h
xor     eax, 14243FDAh
xor     eax, 0DD1F2F24h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4C2AF16Eh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 484D1781h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0F3BE4694h
sub     eax, 3A73CBF0h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0A22590DFh
add     eax, 2433A293h
add     eax, 0D81B119Ch
sub     eax, 0CB0BCD49h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0CB9A0935h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 314F20AEh
xor     eax, 0B6293F27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D9D188BCh
sub     eax, 365A08DEh
xor     eax, 921AE538h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 2A0F2B29h
xor     eax, 1A8BD950h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 82649A63h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 3552F0B7h
xor     eax, 0CD0AF2CBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0E7B91FDDh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 50D12145h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6456B7E7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5084AFB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C16E3BDAh
xor     eax, 43672D3Ah
add     eax, 0B0C74113h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 77DCDFCCh
sub     eax, 0E9765C33h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 2CC6D688h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C674FB59h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 56451818h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 65823DEAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0CD721607h
add     eax, 94811A26h
sub     eax, 7A2CAF38h
xor     eax, 0F1A93158h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0B2D5A59Fh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 6D6B6A99h
add     eax, 0D948567Fh
xor     eax, 0FBD88739h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 803086F3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E21ED9A8h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DD1B55A6h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0DB490DB3h
add     eax, 6D8227B8h
add     eax, 0F4C313A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 4466214Eh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8C0E8DADh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 68AFFC13h
sub     eax, 0A5CAE0E6h
xor     eax, 0D10994B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4789844Ch
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0A4DC7D9Bh
xor     eax, 2044714Fh
xor     eax, 5FBDDA6Fh
xor     eax, 0A1955657h
sub     eax, 0EDF7DF99h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 49E6A699h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0A8102F7Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BFE919D8h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0A3E23460h
xor     eax, 6CF01422h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 737EB2E0h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 171FCE2Ah
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0D6E5212Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 5DF6F4F4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D5A069A4h
sub     eax, 74AEE95Fh
sub     eax, 83D0F410h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2ECA3B82h
add     eax, 89F8EB06h
sub     eax, 0BEA8D805h
xor     eax, 87A51814h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0B71BF2BCh
not     eax
add     eax, 56138131h
sub     eax, 0C6B7752Eh
xor     eax, 4723DE4Bh
sub     eax, 0EDBC08A0h
sub     eax, 1E6A61EAh
not     eax
add     eax, 2434389Eh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 27FBA1E8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6001BFDCh
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 3F2DD467h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 316AABE0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 173C6769h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 699371CCh
add     eax, 977E4521h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 92D4E3DCh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 16DDD5ADh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1FBB946Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F797DD6Dh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 716E949Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5780364Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D0387DECh
xor     eax, 0B949168Ch
xor     eax, 5BF82E44h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0F84CA1ADh
sub     eax, 88F54898h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 44DD6849h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0FE95F0EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 3EFFC4B7h
add     eax, 3EA8D57Eh
xor     eax, 1EBCF763h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D3F0BA54h
add     eax, 0C0AE5D11h
xor     eax, 0ACD63DE5h
add     eax, 0E01BA733h
add     eax, 14265802h
xor     eax, 0EFC265D3h
xor     eax, 3327A726h
sub     eax, 103D83E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FB2B02B2h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 63D2B171h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C6A06C09h
xor     eax, 79638549h
sub     eax, 6BB28210h
sub     eax, 43383FBBh
xor     eax, 834AFA86h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 71808AECh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5FBE914Eh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0EC8C89DEh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 4AD88CB4h
xor     eax, 50BC71EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 85E766ACh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 883754B2h
sub     eax, 0AF34EF18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D6A80BB4h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F80853BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C9731697h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D312392Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F8EBF24Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 985B4E3Ch
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 55294A65h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AF0ADB36h
xor     eax, 3AFAF204h
add     eax, 0D97B5643h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 78A62AEDh
xor     eax, 7CC6E081h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AC4873E0h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 5922FE30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0BDBE079Fh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0E75EE45Eh
sub     eax, 4BA9ADC3h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 6EE8A954h
sub     eax, 81B4B2BFh
sub     eax, 32BCD6C2h
sub     eax, 92F9675Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0B2C9D3F6h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 3B311D32h
sub     eax, 9F359725h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 21D2F1ADh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0C6E6745Ch
add     eax, 89E6EBC7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0DFBB707Dh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 8492913Fh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0CFF3AF2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9F1F1323h
sub     eax, 8C7F3EF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C71835F6h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0FB161F1Fh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 3EC2FE67h
sub     eax, 0ECA330BAh
add     eax, 738F2342h
xor     eax, 0EEDA29F5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 534BB60Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 25E642F0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3F0CC5D1h
sub     eax, 1D0C8390h
add     eax, 298C5704h
xor     eax, 0AABE4D99h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6B08A05Bh
add     eax, 75D7A5EEh
sub     eax, 9908FF0Dh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AB535903h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 4036A8C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 9ED3183Fh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E8A463EAh
sub     eax, 6DB760AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0CB4CF164h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 5A2EC664h
add     eax, 0A205D326h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9663CDB5h
sub     eax, 2B8D8E1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F5AE0B7Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D3CC1E2Dh
xor     eax, 59E8709Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9F04F95Bh
xor     eax, 0A936C413h
add     eax, 6397B029h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 45AD06A9h
sub     eax, 7D4FA6B2h
sub     eax, 5807E142h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F9073707h
sub     eax, 0CFE7CE68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 207C70C3h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 35867F63h
sub     eax, 4941A3E3h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 60F601A4h
xor     eax, 2234324Ch
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 657B1C19h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 799CB88Fh
add     eax, 346619A9h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F8B7565Bh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B4A586C1h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9162CC28h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0EBD2CDFDh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 7CB59CE7h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B18F55B7h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0CB1FA240h
sub     eax, 49B12BCAh
add     eax, 2417A9DEh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D7299398h
xor     eax, 5CC74D05h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0B34AAA17h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0ECA9C00Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 1B81E150h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0F13706F5h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 6C6D52E2h
xor     eax, 9619A92Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 18423C63h
sub     eax, 0D2E4D570h
sub     eax, 799E01F9h
sub     eax, 78B3DCFFh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 5E167AF4h
add     eax, 8D921EE7h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 7CCBCCB9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F639C201h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0FB7C6AABh
xor     eax, 442B7F8Ah
xor     eax, 26BAB285h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B69CA44Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2DA44ED2h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0F9BCEEDBh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 97194875h
add     eax, 0A1EBD158h
sub     eax, 0FA6821ACh
add     eax, 3EA6D29Ah
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8D1FBC2Fh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 73D052B6h
add     eax, 0A56C8335h
xor     eax, 0BCD0F412h
xor     eax, 3A609AF0h
xor     eax, 9A79EBA8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 31353300h
xor     eax, 3A6DEBCAh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A4FD64C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E888C4C4h
add     eax, 0A343AE4Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 2DB87D4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 877C143Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0F0F01C17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DA9D9295h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0EFFD7402h
xor     eax, 0CB7E4032h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2AB485F2h
add     eax, 7547925Ch
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EE368AF7h
sub     eax, 1E724C9Dh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0AAD888A8h
sub     eax, 0F5241EC0h
add     eax, 0E2DF3012h
xor     eax, 534DEA3Eh
sub     eax, 8444AF88h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 791C71EAh
xor     eax, 3BC58C75h
xor     eax, 0E0849C6Bh
add     eax, 68BB2480h
xor     eax, 75CE577Ah
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CA7AC5E6h
sub     eax, 28B4DC57h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4723F45Dh
sub     eax, 0E506CA07h
add     eax, 0A3612403h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 8E97A24Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0F4902B73h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0C1922A99h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 89F6B8FFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 7DDA53ACh
sub     eax, 3CE60C9Bh
add     eax, 1BA0A785h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1EEADD4Ch
xor     eax, 0ACC17216h
add     eax, 0D733771Dh
add     eax, 768F5F48h
add     eax, 30C18F6Ah
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 36300199h
xor     eax, 250C52A4h
sub     eax, 636EB5E8h
xor     eax, 37D9657Eh
xor     eax, 0F446108Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 6B4C1DAFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4EBFAE17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DB6C8197h
sub     eax, 82DCE18Ah
xor     eax, 0DA135392h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 2A1E2D37h
not     eax
add     eax, 32214FA9h
sub     eax, 0F3A2DE78h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0EADEE78Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 53BE41CFh
xor     eax, 2C615B0Dh
add     eax, 7BC9B736h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 751CC40Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 96B44C66h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 119A43C2h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0F16B9C75h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 26677891h
not     eax
add     eax, 0ABD9A0A3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C8B77D43h
sub     eax, 0BA28D8F9h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FADF46B0h
xor     eax, 6120860Bh
sub     eax, 20A48A51h
add     eax, 4C8488BCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0B2ABB1BDh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 48238BB3h
add     eax, 3062E553h
xor     eax, 34C4CC66h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 1CE53F05h
sub     eax, 6EC47DECh
xor     eax, 0F5332181h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 619A18B7h
add     eax, 0E505F069h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 2F4629C3h
add     eax, 0BCAA9B2Fh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B904491Fh
sub     eax, 26665C5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B6CA3DCCh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 81D9770Ch
xor     eax, 8CE2B999h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 938B8FCBh
sub     eax, 31B221E2h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 580C352Bh
sub     eax, 8448E2E8h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 72E96BD1h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 2608D7C9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 6D46463Ah
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 1A0A56A9h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0DD1C6A50h
xor     eax, 6004DFEAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 64BF22C8h
xor     eax, 459ACB9Ch
add     eax, 5CDDEA80h
add     eax, 0F390491Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BE3CC048h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0E46197A6h
add     eax, 0CC8C127Ch
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0DCDFFC2Fh
add     eax, 8ABCDC4Fh
sub     eax, 0F051AE93h
sub     eax, 0BF3A3058h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C574CA6Bh
sub     eax, 0A5C94231h
xor     eax, 6EB7B33Bh
xor     eax, 0DF207805h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0D0C94587h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 475CA29Ah
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0CE5275ADh
xor     eax, 0F1D3AABEh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0DD77ABFDh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 5F127BE0h
add     eax, 622FD5A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7A3A33BEh
sub     eax, 6A3AE08Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 10E94E60h
add     eax, 1395CD75h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9E59977Ah
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 26396322h
add     eax, 9D1E9581h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D1995652h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 586B5A52h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 4EB6A55Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 3F1D66F3h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0ED21D289h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 32F51B67h
sub     eax, 29D0519Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 53C16ACDh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 939B24C1h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F202A846h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0A7D5DCA2h
sub     eax, 91AC6890h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ADC3F3E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 45CE090Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EA17C37Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 8C2A1301h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 29D5A3B7h
add     eax, 389A9C85h
xor     eax, 0A41E3C5Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F4DB4613h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 50816AF4h
add     eax, 0B43F6002h
not     eax
add     eax, 1742E141h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0EF9A0DC0h
xor     eax, 2EB37BCFh
add     eax, 0FF73B94Ch
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 821F6BA8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FF0D3E0Eh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E1327AA9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0CDFA4F90h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 52A9B3CDh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0D3EC886Ah
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0A35758FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9166BFCEh
sub     eax, 645A20FDh
sub     eax, 39430157h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 562BDB0Fh
sub     eax, 0DAA35DA5h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 434FAB0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0F2828DD7h
xor     eax, 46AE4801h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 66C42030h
xor     eax, 90543FDAh
xor     eax, 0FD25A1E3h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 29167A87h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 6716FBBDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D282F61Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ED32D0EAh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 2B98E54Bh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 21C83DADh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0C1B9CD6Ah
xor     eax, 0D08A5CADh
sub     eax, 42F0C9AFh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 59DAE8BCh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 1EFE220Bh
add     eax, 8F7DBD5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 34BBCBF0h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4DAE2786h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C654EAF6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0DFEFF4A3h
add     eax, 0F3F06251h
sub     eax, 3A6373D1h
sub     eax, 0FCAA68B6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 80166879h
add     eax, 0E60D5CA7h
add     eax, 4241CFC5h
sub     eax, 0DC8AC0BBh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 2089C9B3h
xor     eax, 994B6350h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 89964DE9h
sub     eax, 0FC755733h
not     eax
add     eax, 2E732FE1h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0FB80758Ah
sub     eax, 0CB7077B1h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 935E2464h
xor     eax, 0D05DC412h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0A24B3F60h
sub     eax, 22FD2F49h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AB9F8742h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 175A25A7h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F1EF8DE0h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BAFB0CB4h
add     eax, 0B4EC46E1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 84172E9Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E98C8163h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CBA82D5Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F3206A36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AE02F00Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B92C43E2h
sub     eax, 1C3C6412h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 11D115FDh
xor     eax, 62FD9DF1h
xor     eax, 0C2CD17FAh
xor     eax, 17FCCBB3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 574BA5BAh
xor     eax, 91D722C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2BE9D578h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C46103F1h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 8BB89D08h
xor     eax, 47F1169Fh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B8382969h
sub     eax, 0E4C60E80h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 24D25732h
sub     eax, 0DB0B40BDh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 99FA9A8Bh
xor     eax, 0FF4AE38Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0F2401BA6h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 775B03C6h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 95BC1AB1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9FFCACA8h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 76883E81h
sub     eax, 0E38526BBh
xor     eax, 9EF52A17h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0E2C6FB0Ah
xor     eax, 6D4C24BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F46F5289h
xor     eax, 0F3D71179h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 7BEB3EAEh
xor     eax, 65D7F83Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0B91DC2C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E900A51Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 1CE75AE8h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 92B981D7h
not     eax
add     eax, 73B25D11h
add     eax, 292E4843h
xor     eax, 0ED17772Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BA15C595h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 63A0F32Ah
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 7FD47EC8h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 36DBA112h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0E0EE0C4Eh
sub     eax, 6B46D99Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0A5A321E2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0F4B11180h
sub     eax, 90CDF543h
add     eax, 81CE3D3Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 6217D483h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 7DAF084Bh
sub     eax, 53606E93h
xor     eax, 0C977E623h
sub     eax, 1E4770FEh
xor     eax, 0D353ACFAh
add     eax, 379DEA44h
add     eax, 0AA48CACCh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 36BA6B3Ah
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A3CCD5A8h
xor     eax, 0D5054956h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 4C3593B1h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 4206391Fh
add     eax, 7CB88E45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0B085CD85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF08F945h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 8E13C9C2h
add     eax, 1D79EEADh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0E7BA7905h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C59DDB3Bh
sub     eax, 0A9107418h
add     eax, 0D794294Bh
sub     eax, 0A1D2942Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B289B650h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 94D582C8h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD5885FAh
add     eax, 0D1DDCF23h
xor     eax, 58832980h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 927644F0h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D212E280h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 50D12EFCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1D2B3EBBh
add     eax, 40483907h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 72B8FA48h
add     eax, 60973B15h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0A0A6AD75h
not     eax
sub     eax, 234B47E1h
xor     eax, 0B8743C83h
sub     eax, 1EB9781Bh
add     eax, 75FD4BBEh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0D5AF1330h
xor     eax, 0ED8486EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 6CC950D4h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0BA472B71h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 45260046h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6552C3C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 20DA83B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 73F0E5FBh
add     eax, 0C6DBDFDBh
sub     eax, 42B41003h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D3635A1Ah
sub     eax, 27B0DB95h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 420F586Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AE4DC826h
sub     eax, 18798DBAh
add     eax, 33B1E1D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 3E2F4B87h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 56D3C62Eh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7187E4D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0BDF85ADAh
sub     eax, 8750F85Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0CCBD00A2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FFEAE5A5h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 6CF96BB7h
xor     eax, 7CDE9134h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0D2DE918Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3C26AEFBh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3C70DB85h
sub     eax, 0B880FF4Eh
add     eax, 0DD52C833h
add     eax, 0BC522BF1h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0C7CB3EB7h
xor     eax, 0CDB7EE03h
xor     eax, 1F3D3226h
xor     eax, 352F7AC9h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 4A8152FEh
sub     eax, 597CB4E9h
sub     eax, 0B334D807h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5F60693Ch
add     eax, 0CF19AAC5h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 1B3A5D7Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4BC4AA9Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0A352C73Ah
sub     eax, 9ECF81B9h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 30BB4471h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0E1287A93h
xor     eax, 0E21A6198h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B4113F34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BDDE40FCh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 8E80D4EBh
xor     eax, 0FB12474Fh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5E19BD4Bh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 86035BADh
xor     eax, 0D3560945h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 231B1BA7h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AD50C73Dh
sub     eax, 6AF4B9EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 58ABAB7Fh
sub     eax, 0BFCB6D71h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 275C5922h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 9B0EC599h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 17F54592h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BF3CFD36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4558AF25h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E717AB61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 82EA4D63h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E779CB4Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 2377D41Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CC3E101Ah
xor     eax, 0E7AC5AECh
add     eax, 12679DCCh
xor     eax, 1814D11Fh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0A2F8D282h
add     eax, 9F5415C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0E0E9E99Dh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0FDFCEE35h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 3BB998F6h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 81AF8B69h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 166EE686h
add     eax, 0A25FA18Eh
add     eax, 712A785Fh
sub     eax, 0C38CC466h
xor     eax, 0D763A428h
xor     eax, 49BFF6B3h
sub     eax, 8618013Ch
sub     eax, 0C37C7FF0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 84369274h
sub     eax, 0FED07426h
xor     eax, 30820B77h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0C5CF3BFCh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0B222A083h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 951214EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BC64165Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5A5CF197h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 975E117Dh
add     eax, 3AE36D4Fh
sub     eax, 0C03A9C7Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 35853619h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0AE44163Eh
sub     eax, 7DBF7FDCh
sub     eax, 0E2D910B4h
sub     eax, 105BE37Ah
sub     eax, 24AC56C7h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0D733406Dh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 5392EEDFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A15D44D8h
add     eax, 4EC6C732h
sub     eax, 8086B144h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0EEE7E66Ch
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D957287Eh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0D8335709h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A54A948Ch
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 83129E34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 6AE4DE54h
add     eax, 0FAF1DB56h
add     eax, 0A0AD7DF2h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AB3156EFh
add     eax, 3A27FCA3h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 1D6290B2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0A60FEAB7h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 726A358Dh
sub     eax, 5DD452DCh
xor     eax, 0D8580882h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7558B8ABh
add     eax, 4E4D6C48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 92739C9Ah
add     eax, 0E1C50F74h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 26AC899Fh
sub     eax, 0C006B949h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 71728977h
sub     eax, 2EE02773h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 60092DECh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0AC668BEAh
xor     eax, 0E331C225h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0FE76BE48h
xor     eax, 1FBAA562h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C7373789h
sub     eax, 8B8E0261h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 706887FFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 640A0073h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 467CC611h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 3A57D11Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0DB4662F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F3623EE1h
xor     eax, 0B4438EC0h
add     eax, 65132220h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 960D8080h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 76E09D5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 3566AEDDh
sub     eax, 210A2E41h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0DEEB74F9h
xor     eax, 3774446Ah
sub     eax, 0DB164648h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0BA652409h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 384BAB0Bh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0FBAC4A90h
sub     eax, 18F3F5D6h
add     eax, 88AC3B91h
add     eax, 0CC1C8F33h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 43AF3A9Eh
xor     eax, 56FD9013h
sub     eax, 4461ABBFh
xor     eax, 60287F9Eh
sub     eax, 417E444Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 28A1BA3Eh
add     eax, 0A4DA3316h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1CCD1C6Eh
add     eax, 0C3BD6D75h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1279F7AAh
add     eax, 46EDA890h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0A7669C5Fh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0A6E638CAh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 6580400Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 59D6A091h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0E5784B4Dh
add     eax, 0E10DBCC7h
add     eax, 0EF69A5D5h
add     eax, 0FB5C6801h
sub     eax, 298558BBh
xor     eax, 0D46F0182h
sub     eax, 4EE2F4A1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0D5FC3A21h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D75FF7FEh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 7A936572h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5CF77467h
add     eax, 0A7A2FBB5h
add     eax, 6C170A85h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CA8C5FE3h
add     eax, 51A08A34h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 863963BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 8DFC4DF3h
xor     eax, 2D448E47h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 57BEA3A9h
xor     eax, 63D35E3Ah
add     eax, 0B2C6A49Ah
xor     eax, 0AFE84E81h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0C5B004BAh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0A9C2F05Dh
sub     eax, 9771CF62h
sub     eax, 0F80FE6A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A221DB04h
add     eax, 684E102Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 762E857Ch
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 721B4A5Ah
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0ECC198ADh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8A4676D4h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0C4D6E68Eh
add     eax, 0EC62B693h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0C2590A86h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0FBBB7EDBh
xor     eax, 0F132CFB9h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0EFBEFA0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 3117F623h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FB679536h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7E131101h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 3B792B7Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7EE1444Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F51046E6h
xor     eax, 6128FBBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2F6763ABh
sub     eax, 0D3C7BE98h
sub     eax, 117F852Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 329A13B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0CA209C71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0B1389683h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 6B250224h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FE485AE5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FC17BE6Ch
add     eax, 0D102055Dh
xor     eax, 0CD1AB4C4h
add     eax, 678037F5h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 61CFBDD8h
sub     eax, 0ADB00D5Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 4F31AE02h
not     eax
add     eax, 614E90C8h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2543810Eh
xor     eax, 0E44822A8h
xor     eax, 52A9D2B6h
sub     eax, 95DDB2A7h
add     eax, 0D49B3E5Fh
sub     eax, 0A1E6D2D6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 824A2F35h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 317E9C8Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C2265EA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0CA565265h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 749CAEE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4C25B0C4h
xor     eax, 60DD7753h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0C507B211h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 8B450C53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F849FD2Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 46CCC902h
add     eax, 0B5F4A95Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 34830ED2h
add     eax, 3DE14E37h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 1FD5EB67h
add     eax, 24A41EDEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EAAF7F80h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0BE6560FBh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 4FE76538h
xor     eax, 0D55684E3h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0B135BBB5h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F8CC215Ch
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 76CB7DA2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 67E18481h
xor     eax, 0A3CC6771h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0AF0A2E73h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BC96BBE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 88040993h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 1B07169Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0E0FC05E3h
xor     eax, 0A86737AEh
xor     eax, 0AECE9891h
add     eax, 0DC6F5DEAh
add     eax, 0ADBD6795h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0C792D1E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0DBBE7099h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 11E2DDABh
xor     eax, 58D2D093h
not     eax
add     eax, 99401F60h
sub     eax, 426EA6EAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0B8B24BDDh
add     eax, 0A0B97991h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0B49447D5h
xor     eax, 958C210Ah
xor     eax, 604ACD7Dh
xor     eax, 9BC25567h
add     eax, 0A8B098BCh
sub     eax, 0BCFF8379h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 190272A2h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0DC3E50BFh
sub     eax, 54A570D2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8DB6EA47h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0CF3867F0h
add     eax, 0C9BCC8E8h
xor     eax, 0AFB2EF26h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0CE06F3DCh
sub     eax, 7C8701B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7E92AE65h
sub     eax, 214DB71Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0FA0D0B89h
not     eax
sub     eax, 513CCEC4h
xor     eax, 7054DEE8h
sub     eax, 9D62F1E2h
sub     eax, 45B30CCAh
not     eax
add     eax, 5F4013E4h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 11FB250Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B3D91E4Fh
add     eax, 0B6C0C8A1h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0E6DE535Eh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 7E6F27A1h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A7F61F34h
sub     eax, 6A1B04DCh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 1CF4E699h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A03C99EFh
xor     eax, 99888A2Ah
add     eax, 0EF6E86A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C3D8C3C2h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D0C85B16h
add     eax, 0A6860F5Ah
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 1C633A6Dh
xor     eax, 0C2574C1Eh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 5105FBDFh
add     eax, 0E07C9255h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6AA76306h
not     eax
sub     eax, 48FBF532h
xor     eax, 0D495A2D6h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B0FE07C7h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0FBBAC650h
not     eax
sub     eax, 35B73591h
xor     eax, 3BAD5C36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0DFE4CB86h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 428F7EBDh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 70B042D0h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 10077A6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0F9C91E7Ah
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0E1453AB7h
add     eax, 8817DBB5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 2A6A93AEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AB79C69Bh
add     eax, 0F84D5F16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FCDC0058h
not     eax
sub     eax, 51F8CD4Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 3C1DEBF5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DD0E55B4h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 7DE5F10Ch
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 9065FC13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2E00DC22h
add     eax, 35A8DFB3h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 276508F6h
add     eax, 65265118h
xor     eax, 93256C52h
xor     eax, 379F1127h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C83C16CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FB03F8FCh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 1370BCE3h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 521C5ECAh
sub     eax, 7B9F0454h
sub     eax, 201FCFD3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9D622366h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0AEDBC66Dh
xor     eax, 0D087649Ah
sub     eax, 282AE814h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 7BB078C4h
sub     eax, 0AB2B36EEh
add     eax, 18589451h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 633E9E6Fh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 28BE2577h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 11E75840h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 7EA3D4DEh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 6864AB70h
sub     eax, 0CE4EEE80h
sub     eax, 0A33B49AAh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 88E3A756h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F3E26759h
xor     eax, 4F7E826Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 9A977DA9h
xor     eax, 27DC8815h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 7DD2803Ch
add     eax, 0C0E5E4A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 49DF2303h
add     eax, 6D7AD1B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 29C21898h
not     eax
sub     eax, 45E0C663h
xor     eax, 0FABF7DDBh
xor     eax, 0F02DAA1Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 6134571Bh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 409AABC2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0B63830B3h
xor     eax, 3DD99615h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 99E25EFFh
xor     eax, 1DB6982Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 11B427B9h
xor     eax, 0A920963Fh
add     eax, 0DD2650BBh
add     eax, 0D8E707B8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0AD6BDD0Ah
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 6C8B76B8h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E0D7CBEFh
add     eax, 0F6925D86h
xor     eax, 595E1861h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0F3C3F9B8h
sub     eax, 0BF8D7BDCh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 2FA12902h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 5A386593h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0E094781Ah
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 25C64F68h
xor     eax, 0F9B7A8AFh
sub     eax, 0B9A3C5A7h
xor     eax, 0E8D136D7h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 4D940BC2h
add     eax, 0D3528CA0h
add     eax, 13412712h
xor     eax, 0B063702Dh
xor     eax, 0FFD8428Ah
sub     eax, 3097D0A9h
add     eax, 5F5BFCACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 993F3A6Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4CDA0757h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 174EFF30h
add     eax, 60FBB645h
add     eax, 0CBB2184Bh
sub     eax, 19D9253Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 80FE34DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0F4A55CFEh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C0A8ADC7h
xor     eax, 412BDA41h
sub     eax, 7BFBD891h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 553C0344h
sub     eax, 62863F2Ch
add     eax, 12E09176h
not     eax
sub     eax, 93852721h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 40533D1Ch
sub     eax, 0D48F9415h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C4CAF5E4h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 959B2ED8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AE1EC624h
add     eax, 47B64432h
sub     eax, 0C4CE2A61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 680F4F2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3FB29CFh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 34FD02BCh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0B4839CFFh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0E1AA6B91h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 4C441ADDh
xor     eax, 14822060h
sub     eax, 0A575EDF1h
sub     eax, 0E8C05F92h
sub     eax, 2CC62FB5h
add     eax, 0B9EA0040h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0CC6F141Eh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 61CF56ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8062E097h
xor     eax, 9BE0376Ch
xor     eax, 0CC835F5Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 151B0906h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5627331Bh
sub     eax, 17ACF77Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1EF8DF7Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B3700BA0h
add     eax, 1EF5BAF8h
xor     eax, 0DA96F477h
xor     eax, 26260C23h
sub     eax, 0E39B8E0Bh
sub     eax, 0D06E2457h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 3FACD85Ah
sub     eax, 11497930h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F6AC5348h
add     eax, 0F111D26Fh
add     eax, 5415F28Bh
xor     eax, 462436FAh
sub     eax, 8451A3EBh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 61E0877Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CA0AD16Bh
sub     eax, 6A61E79Dh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 98470DA3h
sub     eax, 0CC16710Eh
sub     eax, 7AEAE62Bh
sub     eax, 5107E095h
xor     eax, 6B096EDDh
xor     eax, 7730F328h
sub     eax, 0D53030ECh
xor     eax, 0D6CF3133h
add     eax, 7D654F26h
add     eax, 0D1149511h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 222E6684h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 19500E6Bh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 16BB6E74h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FD5E134Dh
add     eax, 5CC7F198h
xor     eax, 0ADC812A1h
sub     eax, 1E464459h
add     eax, 9178BD30h
add     eax, 5303640Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E1E00A94h
add     eax, 433737CCh
xor     eax, 0CF32F69Bh
add     eax, 0B1C64B12h
not     eax
add     eax, 59E0B944h
xor     eax, 0A5A2EE31h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3A03ABBDh
add     eax, 304A4CCEh
add     eax, 0E2F1CBF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0DA0E58E0h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0D041EFA4h
xor     eax, 6566E32Bh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 4C789F89h
xor     eax, 0AFE8714Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 80AC1305h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4DEA169Eh
add     eax, 0BA852FECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EC3F7646h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 79D54E7Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 106A4581h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9856D996h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 60042DD3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 68AF9E85h
sub     eax, 0A9F21586h
not     eax
xor     eax, 99C6F2ACh
add     eax, 53BF4F51h
add     eax, 0BDA68960h
add     eax, 0A8D06AFCh
add     eax, 9D562792h
add     eax, 27EAAC45h
add     eax, 75658AE4h
sub     eax, 0FCBA3B7Dh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0EBC672C6h
xor     eax, 0D8B00AD2h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 4DE0313Bh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C220AD86h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FD257A90h
add     eax, 3185332Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0C4B47336h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5D75BD10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 66814D18h
sub     eax, 1498A193h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0B1186783h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 238B91C3h
xor     eax, 0BF2534CDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7DB6CE7Ah
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D7C533B0h
xor     eax, 65438336h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0E98D6D5Eh
xor     eax, 28B411FBh
sub     eax, 58207E0Eh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 19DCEE58h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0F586DFF4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 393395B7h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 6BFD57BBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 30EB1E1Ch
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 51A5B3E8h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CE7AF314h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 84E0FC7Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 746A7C04h
add     eax, 380CCD91h
xor     eax, 4D1E23DAh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0BEEB7B87h
add     eax, 4E107CAFh
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0A7FCEAC3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 616C65ACh
xor     eax, 0F669F9B1h
xor     eax, 0CBD7B3C1h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 7CB3406Eh
xor     eax, 8AB16093h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E0E71813h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0A2C3464Ah
add     eax, 0B348D0F4h
xor     eax, 28C1229Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 631F502Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8ACF2F73h
sub     eax, 7194144Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 812D2382h
sub     eax, 478F6481h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9A97E863h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0ED445B89h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 742B80E2h
sub     eax, 8422F5CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5E443BCDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0C0F37960h
sub     eax, 6ACBF893h
not     eax
add     eax, 90B343B9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0F69746F2h
add     eax, 9070B0D6h
sub     eax, 5AC2AF92h
sub     eax, 71F49B36h
sub     eax, 0BF6FFA40h
add     eax, 0DF22D18Eh
add     eax, 4091AA47h
xor     eax, 7879001Bh
xor     eax, 0BD20D5C3h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 1B88E8E0h
xor     eax, 53C10B47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0EB11863Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0D4994E15h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 3B9A385Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 633399B2h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 36FF7398h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 89560F49h
xor     eax, 0D7BFF5BDh
add     eax, 0A4A30CB0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CC4E95A1h
sub     eax, 0D1AF1A9Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DB8EAA53h
sub     eax, 0A74203EFh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 19BD605Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 4FB630D5h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 4EBCBE0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4C14EAEDh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F242672Ah
add     eax, 0EAF32C51h
xor     eax, 0FEF0E376h
xor     eax, 590C491Ch
add     eax, 0C01AEBAFh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F08CE6AAh
sub     eax, 83694C83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FD74D7FBh
sub     eax, 0FDB2D5E5h
add     eax, 9C509536h
xor     eax, 0D4CD8972h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EF76B65Eh
sub     eax, 34C633A3h
add     eax, 52BA3409h
add     eax, 466E2EABh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4EC49B65h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0B8934ACAh
add     eax, 0DD89CFB6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CA8FC1D5h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 7252D366h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DF03E60Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8F95E40Eh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 389C591Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6EF6F92Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F6E8E920h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 6818DEE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 37C48E00h
xor     eax, 61D650A7h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F03EC526h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 1125497Ah
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 86371C14h
sub     eax, 4C50D9BFh
xor     eax, 7518F50Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 545AA90Ch
add     eax, 228375EFh
sub     eax, 70B3A4B5h
sub     eax, 0A190398Eh
add     eax, 54847BB6h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 1A3BA922h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B2563756h
xor     eax, 5648541Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 1CD1BC43h
sub     eax, 363D95E3h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 299BE093h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0A615A956h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 635A8DB1h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 3F8C9799h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 26D52F1Ah
xor     eax, 1C4181F7h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 536BF1F4h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0D9CE0DBDh
add     eax, 0A7F73109h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 8743DCA0h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1B7EE4D3h
xor     eax, 0DE48DFF6h
xor     eax, 740C3F18h
xor     eax, 0AC27E3A6h
xor     eax, 4D1C4131h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0DAE19EE6h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8C99DBBCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BEAEB502h
add     eax, 9CD5C3D8h
sub     eax, 9437E930h
sub     eax, 0A15DCC14h
xor     eax, 1FCAE93Fh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 1A0D7501h
add     eax, 7572B3B1h
not     eax
add     eax, 242C8CC5h
add     eax, 190CFE64h
add     eax, 0DF3AA5C8h
sub     eax, 393153F0h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0D2D4B7F6h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D3B232E9h
xor     eax, 1CF846F8h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 1174FF9Ah
add     eax, 0A96D5D4Ch
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 749BBB9Ah
sub     eax, 3C039BC5h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4321F427h
xor     eax, 0B5248E73h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0C0C1B9C0h
sub     eax, 4C1F387Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FEA77E23h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0CA7937A0h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 31A75756h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4F67CEBCh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0A6B3A0F3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 889CDF32h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8E678DF5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B015743Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0ECB629C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 784583E0h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0B8B0A4AEh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 41983FBBh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0C7D09847h
sub     eax, 3C9FD786h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 14A131C4h
sub     eax, 0C009FBE9h
add     eax, 60173CCCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 34CDE137h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5C944922h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0CB946806h
xor     eax, 0AD1B58FAh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0AD2449E5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FCB41870h
add     eax, 0B0740FB0h
sub     eax, 1BFA611Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0DBE8B308h
add     eax, 96FFF7BCh
add     eax, 5EF2E16Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6FBA6D02h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0FA0731E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 30F19195h
add     eax, 50C1AB35h
add     eax, 0CE5F4F75h
xor     eax, 0EAECB107h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 13B36218h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 8DE88C8Fh
xor     eax, 801525DFh
add     eax, 0FF063DA9h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0E5CFC944h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8C1637EBh
add     eax, 51BF26FFh
xor     eax, 529EE769h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 254239A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FDD14F44h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0DD5D49ACh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9083C78Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 12AD59AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CD0C6F48h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 86AEB53Eh
sub     eax, 1ABA57E1h
xor     eax, 8408F13Bh
xor     eax, 0D8C6AA49h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0D65614F7h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 3ACF8FA3h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 562BA974h
xor     eax, 38E29529h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 854D9D34h
add     eax, 1721085Ah
sub     eax, 0E65565ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 7937A37Eh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0F485ACC8h
sub     eax, 0EBC67AEAh
add     eax, 1659CDDBh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 772FD622h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0D6F2CA72h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0C586FF58h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6BBB641Ch
sub     eax, 90BC2A7Dh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0DB443413h
sub     eax, 6FD2006Ah
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 43971CFEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0D06E72ABh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 46719B2Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E034DBA3h
add     eax, 0AF6B4C11h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0ED4BD71Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 4857C380h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 49299F33h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 25018993h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0BB046A21h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 56BB767Fh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 368965AAh
add     eax, 25EBB4C5h
xor     eax, 7C68B3DAh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2AB3976Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 8189BBC5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7257E08Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 71C6C6C9h
sub     eax, 475D0C0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7E13E2B8h
xor     eax, 1DD35BAFh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0E6365C28h
xor     eax, 4EE3DEACh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B0A232ECh
sub     eax, 0C2CC8CE6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 55F2C2BAh
add     eax, 67E81D18h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 119B96C6h
xor     eax, 1E5F2117h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ACFD1F35h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 4A373745h
sub     eax, 98C9EFB4h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4F2F3988h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 2811F56Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 2B860472h
add     eax, 3F06A179h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0F1D10D18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0C0FE8735h
add     eax, 15CDC221h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 19153F8Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 90CFFD24h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0D3351AD4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 813B48FBh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0AB1BE030h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 66D52882h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 158638DCh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 725F24B5h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 3BC8AC3Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 31F411AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0DAF63835h
xor     eax, 0BC032C73h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A0F045C1h
sub     eax, 3F0D2E97h
add     eax, 656BB702h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 66A29842h
add     eax, 8A56819Dh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0CB0E49B5h
sub     eax, 15410E73h
sub     eax, 26110BDAh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 85153254h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9E254699h
xor     eax, 3DA916A9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0E0EF6AEDh
sub     eax, 8837C0FEh
xor     eax, 0ABE5AE82h
sub     eax, 26BF950Fh
add     eax, 409D0A6Eh
xor     eax, 70E40CA9h
xor     eax, 0BA569F2Fh
add     eax, 3EF7C057h
add     eax, 0BB6B2A54h
add     eax, 361C63C8h
sub     eax, 0F3E13CD9h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 2729A8DBh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 1918A44Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 69C2BA4Ch
xor     eax, 3F329196h
sub     eax, 5C6E04B4h
xor     eax, 0BECE8A6Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 3269D196h
sub     eax, 78042EEEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DE82430Fh
xor     eax, 6C3D8079h
sub     eax, 67B39904h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5459668Fh
sub     eax, 5AE19408h
sub     eax, 0A0833C1Bh
sub     eax, 3051BA88h
sub     eax, 98F822CBh
sub     eax, 6324CA31h
not     eax
sub     eax, 82E57F4Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 5D1B34D5h
add     eax, 29E7029Eh
xor     eax, 8C24E8A9h
sub     eax, 962D9604h
sub     eax, 0E346184Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 421B61E3h
xor     eax, 0B5DC3187h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ACBE4175h
add     eax, 0B1ED0D73h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0B00E5C87h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 672FAC1Bh
xor     eax, 407D465Ah
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0E71C67EDh
add     eax, 0D1E893DFh
add     eax, 0FFA94ED0h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0A90F9091h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 3A0083DDh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 91FE3FC3h
sub     eax, 28C7FCDEh
add     eax, 0E3E604D3h
sub     eax, 919BFEC6h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 40AC5A3Bh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 8EC39AE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0B7542CE2h
sub     eax, 0E34AAE4Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 44BB1B76h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 63883604h
add     eax, 1603A218h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3A474518h
sub     eax, 65250650h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AD93B7FFh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0F985CC2Dh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C8086EB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F53FCE98h
xor     eax, 78E3BEC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B7DC69DFh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 3C6B8F17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E5D2005Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 6A7D5E83h
xor     eax, 5B38A739h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 71D31E4Bh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 920EE133h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C032E1ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8E928E28h
add     eax, 5F7AB34Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 519A8404h
xor     eax, 1CA78477h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB114BB4h
sub     eax, 9FE9E63Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 165919F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4EA138FFh
xor     eax, 0A5F2AF53h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4C1C8BDDh
sub     eax, 3246A50Ah
add     eax, 6C6375E8h
add     eax, 339211B0h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7151BFB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 2E07ED4Eh
xor     eax, 219206A7h
xor     eax, 2922571Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DCC9333Fh
add     eax, 3626C7FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 572DC4FFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 7653F5A3h
sub     eax, 75028E5Eh
add     eax, 0C8E176BCh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0BEE0CBDFh
sub     eax, 0BB40AA5Dh
xor     eax, 327C7448h
add     eax, 0B9D7EC1Bh
add     eax, 8DB99367h
not     eax
add     eax, 9FD457D4h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 99E6D06Fh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 2DC844E3h
add     eax, 64384876h
sub     eax, 9DFDCAACh
not     eax
xor     eax, 477FC1DEh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 6E5AF5B0h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 99F95BE5h
sub     eax, 5220DB94h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 72D71263h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 33220C61h
xor     eax, 39411872h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 787CBE61h
xor     eax, 0CBE442B9h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 71804B9Ch
sub     eax, 0C7784869h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 959AEF94h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 16ECD140h
sub     eax, 0C4F6D55Dh
xor     eax, 6BB952A7h
xor     eax, 6A98DF1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0AC8AEB8Bh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0CD485613h
sub     eax, 4940082Fh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 455244D2h
xor     eax, 0DAE82EA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B3A1E75Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 9B2578BBh
xor     eax, 6C4A49A0h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 918B872Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 3B5A62ECh
sub     eax, 0D85B34D4h
add     eax, 1A387954h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0EF04A119h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0C6D3DC88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 20B7B2FDh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 45923D70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 66EBCA0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 346AFCC2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 15D70BE5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 424E9A68h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 6D8A261Ch
xor     eax, 12A0B987h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 779EBE8Ch
xor     eax, 1AC01DA2h
xor     eax, 0EB474BD0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AF0B2CE5h
xor     eax, 2A7F3146h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0EA1EB93Bh
add     eax, 493365EEh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 7E6AB781h
add     eax, 0A2C63F68h
add     eax, 16D91722h
sub     eax, 1E578A48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6F68E59Eh
xor     eax, 6807E341h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 776F1A8Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0B74902CAh
add     eax, 363A7DECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0D83833DCh
sub     eax, 57E91CC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4D03640Fh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0FD8AC6FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5928CBBFh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8AAF8B83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E65565C3h
add     eax, 0DA0D30C4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 10554941h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2BB298C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9255EE10h
not     eax
add     eax, 467B83DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 87891DF5h
sub     eax, 0EFCAB462h
not     eax
sub     eax, 34946DD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 389F58CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 9174B4DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7E109F5Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0E5ED1F2Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A4CE78AAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 5F6C73D3h
xor     eax, 0AB89812Ah
xor     eax, 4F879064h
xor     eax, 0C10F9388h
not     eax
add     eax, 89DD710Dh
xor     eax, 1E0890F3h
xor     eax, 63326FA8h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0C28B3CC2h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B2DC2D77h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 5D7FF7AEh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C2B2491Fh
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 81D4CBCBh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 4B2F3935h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 9E4825A3h
sub     eax, 0E4721D82h
sub     eax, 65D89137h
add     eax, 0C6EC1640h
sub     eax, 70DA7FF0h
xor     eax, 0F743631Fh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0A9BA1A34h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F8305E6Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0B4C6E8C9h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 5790F1B6h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D11736EFh
sub     eax, 2C5D3001h
sub     eax, 53CDCE3Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E5FF1E71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B0749134h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2F8D621Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0B198255Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F196B921h
add     eax, 2F930941h
xor     eax, 0FC024630h
add     eax, 0B2D9F1BAh
sub     eax, 78BA8C04h
add     eax, 90527DEEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 401F688Fh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 282C2DC5h
add     eax, 1E6C15E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FA981C0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C2571432h
add     eax, 832AA1A2h
sub     eax, 83FFE28Dh
xor     eax, 742682CEh
add     eax, 54AB054Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0FADAF027h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 637FC283h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 67FA11E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F96C9F7Bh
add     eax, 9C19EAF6h
add     eax, 0DF0B3E1Bh
sub     eax, 3A601EE4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C17B3388h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 94D1117Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 33639D2Bh
add     eax, 66B153E2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0BA9EE3D9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D0F8BBF1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 6D80870Dh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 299095B8h
xor     eax, 9F96F026h
add     eax, 86FFFD42h
xor     eax, 4ED0F3E6h
add     eax, 0B2745529h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0ED8ECFF9h
sub     eax, 485658A6h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 9EE2EAECh
add     eax, 12AD38FEh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 3816215Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6153E8E8h
sub     eax, 46E043EBh
sub     eax, 6FA1D89Ah
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 47C583B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1426C1DFh
sub     eax, 34539C4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A7B7ECC1h
not     eax
add     eax, 66C39871h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 9DC18D7Eh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 66B9CABFh
add     eax, 688127B8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 10628CBDh
sub     eax, 126D879Dh
sub     eax, 9DDA9494h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0FC092C48h
not     eax
sub     eax, 48B28287h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 1C590CA8h
sub     eax, 0E728788Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F621C88Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 43493FDCh
xor     eax, 0DFBEE0C1h
add     eax, 0B187BA28h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 15E630E3h
add     eax, 90A67CC8h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 2512FA44h
add     eax, 513414C4h
sub     eax, 320A40BFh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 974AEFEDh
xor     eax, 0F26F611Dh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 6BEBA2ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A3BA1053h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 571DEC8Ah
sub     eax, 0EFDB1F30h
add     eax, 4FC7B301h
not     eax
add     eax, 221F944Eh
sub     eax, 0CF34830Eh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 19E27961h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 4E5B6FD2h
xor     eax, 0F601242Dh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E0BB2B3Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 328C6A90h
xor     eax, 0ADDFAA44h
sub     eax, 0C5353C73h
sub     eax, 9D73CEBDh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 774E59A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F0AD4677h
add     eax, 1EB7BCB9h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9C33215Bh
add     eax, 91227E59h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C7040BEEh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0CAA9F53Fh
add     eax, 0D59DBAD6h
sub     eax, 0CB49E6B8h
xor     eax, 8546B042h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B691084Bh
sub     eax, 83EE24C4h
sub     eax, 158B27AEh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0C0E26A57h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 244E0E1Dh
sub     eax, 5AA29449h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9E2E6BF5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 110FB2EEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CACCAEFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A6AE4D3Bh
sub     eax, 9EB8BF80h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 54FA395Eh
xor     eax, 0B057EEA1h
not     eax
add     eax, 1E2DDBC3h
add     eax, 169917CAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 1BAF2F43h
sub     eax, 0C7099F63h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A4AF899Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D1675088h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 23EF5C82h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 368097EBh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0C3B15E39h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0A0BC5897h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EC66ECE8h
add     eax, 5F9A1172h
xor     eax, 0E875A1E6h
add     eax, 0E8096FE7h
xor     eax, 2B4F1281h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0FEC3F1F9h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 6AAFC66Bh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0A662076Ch
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0EE533925h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0ECF96D93h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2491812Ah
sub     eax, 1DEED269h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 8B3BBB48h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C69CFCFBh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 71CFBC5Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 52259EA7h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 981736B9h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 3F3E665Eh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0FF2FE70Ch
xor     eax, 858E2BF0h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 3A054D9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D42BA892h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0EC8D9729h
sub     eax, 0FED8FC8Ch
sub     eax, 608FDBF0h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1BB4FFF6h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 703698CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DBCB95D0h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 8D268953h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0D072C7EFh
sub     eax, 0F0D8E7FEh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B9C632C7h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0E4BACE27h
sub     eax, 0A6ADC071h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5081C71Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D06CFC8Ah
xor     eax, 4684E3D7h
add     eax, 0D7CD56CBh
add     eax, 3D32057Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0A84891ACh
xor     eax, 9921F4FFh
sub     eax, 235FF5F1h
add     eax, 0DB419054h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0FBDC75C2h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 955FFBA8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7E9FA273h
add     eax, 0D0F636B0h
xor     eax, 34F1E06Eh
add     eax, 0EC1A8C4Dh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 6D480483h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 1F59F0FEh
sub     eax, 82D8E7CAh
sub     eax, 0F6A24BF4h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 82D94B1Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 691336B2h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 7EACD0A5h
xor     eax, 3C2C71DDh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F9A96DE8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 529AEAECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FCF303ADh
sub     eax, 592993A9h
sub     eax, 0FECC3EE5h
xor     eax, 95313090h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 203924D6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 60EFE813h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9C4591EEh
xor     eax, 7B343E44h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 46993020h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 3CD88E7Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4748B1F0h
sub     eax, 4E80D8EBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1171818Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 33EDFC00h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 79A4A5A9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0D7BC6EE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 8CF38B1Fh
add     eax, 0F7C5E034h
xor     eax, 9F9187BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 37D0286Dh
xor     eax, 9513BF05h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7D6297BBh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 822BC845h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0ED481385h
sub     eax, 19599E8Ch
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 358D3C18h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0A99225D2h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0EA2A4EC0h
add     eax, 4697A3B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AB4DC68Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0BDFE6CCDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1C29AB77h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ADF1B1F1h
add     eax, 0F65B33C9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0BC3BD174h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 11AF6C50h
xor     eax, 9D403400h
sub     eax, 7B3134D9h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0D364A84Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E45AC580h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E3EB6115h
xor     eax, 93DE1F41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 49E6672Bh
sub     eax, 3C92A9F2h
xor     eax, 0E23B212Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 12508526h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 6FBA07A7h
sub     eax, 37816414h
sub     eax, 0C4770EE8h
sub     eax, 0B88430FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 66537E5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 449E73F6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 66BBC17Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DD67FC1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9EDA82DEh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0DC6210E1h
sub     eax, 4DEB01B8h
sub     eax, 0ECA7F9A8h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 91FD0C7Ch
add     eax, 0E2A42CF9h
sub     eax, 0B4E1DF84h
sub     eax, 26A5F518h
add     eax, 0B72497ADh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E422920Dh
sub     eax, 0BBB9D884h
add     eax, 7A41856Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0A39830D3h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 8443A520h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 2A9516A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 9D6A9F2Eh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 10A82FA9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0A95930CBh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AB556B17h
not     eax
add     eax, 55DADD1Bh
add     eax, 61A47E0Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 5AB739AAh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0B8294A01h
not     eax
sub     eax, 837A3926h
sub     eax, 0A03924FEh
add     eax, 354550D2h
xor     eax, 0A61EBC5Ah
xor     eax, 0CF93C5FDh
add     eax, 5FECB305h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 1DC4F354h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0A65E9894h
sub     eax, 0CC4494CEh
sub     eax, 0AFAB88DCh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0CA1D8F8Fh
xor     eax, 4655309Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 76875B51h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 242F857Ah
sub     eax, 0DF58FF7Dh
sub     eax, 9E0218D6h
xor     eax, 5EF049DCh
xor     eax, 0BAD9936Bh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 617EC475h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1BADEFAAh
xor     eax, 0D1D231A4h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AE4EBCA0h
add     eax, 81912C6Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C42B7A47h
add     eax, 0FF6A26D8h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EAA3A379h
add     eax, 0CD937823h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0D29F2400h
xor     eax, 1636F805h
sub     eax, 0EF9E1CC2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 37F2006Eh
sub     eax, 0DA5AC0BEh
add     eax, 0AD84DF07h
sub     eax, 0EC0F40BBh
sub     eax, 0DACCE22Dh
xor     eax, 9A862B76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F11CEFA7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0FA87F0FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CE8A4981h
add     eax, 38C4E732h
xor     eax, 0EBD602C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 879DB58Eh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 61E6CBF6h
xor     eax, 0F90EE713h
not     eax
add     eax, 989E7F7Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BA81C18Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 57215D0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EBE11821h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0ACB2675Bh
xor     eax, 0E9C056B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 732CC2D7h
add     eax, 0F6AA2215h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 62A2EDFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CB3AF059h
add     eax, 0E13276B0h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 7052B8BCh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F81A03B3h
sub     eax, 757A4161h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 682A4841h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 41DD4CF7h
not     eax
add     eax, 22223B8Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 2B70AAC8h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0D8EC2817h
add     eax, 0EEC3E198h
add     eax, 6E9B6D1Ch
add     eax, 1A0DF8CFh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 5C364E03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0CCE72521h
sub     eax, 0AFB23ED3h
add     eax, 10BA3B05h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0A8D32031h
add     eax, 6C828BE6h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0AF518DBDh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 158616CEh
xor     eax, 8E1EE2BCh
sub     eax, 0EE8B8205h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F420CCC7h
sub     eax, 9A3CD5FBh
sub     eax, 18F8EBD1h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 84361DB4h
add     eax, 4F8F0652h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 305A55C9h
add     eax, 0C0078E2Bh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 2A710D07h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 4EB43EF0h
xor     eax, 40E752BAh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 216A2532h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0DE64840Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 44B85B32h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 4C8ABDB9h
not     eax
add     eax, 2B014F2Eh
sub     eax, 0C4D4F4C3h
xor     eax, 66EED9E0h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0DCDB47E6h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0BBB0AE2Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 9AC4F0F3h
add     eax, 0FD889495h
add     eax, 108F06A6h
add     eax, 57F61A6Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9CE39A28h
add     eax, 39B27067h
xor     eax, 0B25AA404h
sub     eax, 96ECAF06h
sub     eax, 1970DF0Ah
sub     eax, 7F3EADB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0D9750789h
xor     eax, 2A98925Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 963AE9B8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AAEA7CEAh
add     eax, 598365FBh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 42BC96AAh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 50BB715Bh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 8BBEB1AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 495A4A2Fh
add     eax, 0CC6EF3ABh
sub     eax, 0FE732C9Ch
add     eax, 0EA749845h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0FE6636F4h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0C86B651Eh
sub     eax, 26AE4EECh
sub     eax, 0E6C3D4C7h
sub     eax, 2C1763E4h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 8DC983C9h
sub     eax, 7FB9FD33h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 46169A7Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0F9BEDFE8h
xor     eax, 0E1FF7656h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 2F49682Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0AE89CDA4h
add     eax, 98520F47h
xor     eax, 0BF10BE70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0F820649Ah
sub     eax, 6788BE5Bh
sub     eax, 7B6E6B82h
add     eax, 4A50224Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4F29B562h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 602870EBh
sub     eax, 0BCC9F0DEh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EED2C2A6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 89DC3B61h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5C020991h
xor     eax, 3A1F0A6Dh
add     eax, 0B765C47Dh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0B822C7BEh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 9855E5A6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A2B4A26Bh
sub     eax, 1D9BC664h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A5EC432Bh
add     eax, 0C9388B0Eh
sub     eax, 0B1C2D740h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4C138720h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4BB6F51Bh
xor     eax, 28DA65CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D04E1280h
sub     eax, 69293E35h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 535297D9h
xor     eax, 0B4806BEBh
xor     eax, 0C1CE065Fh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 67BE5956h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 9B58F94Dh
add     eax, 84A8A931h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 251797ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 3C5714B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 61AAED7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 36FDCF6Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0D68CB0C1h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 656210BAh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F8B40CD2h
xor     eax, 896BE24Bh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 2607E23Bh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 84DAEBBBh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 9C871077h
sub     eax, 0F31260B9h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0BA9C39F7h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 8D4B5839h
xor     eax, 0E5D86D64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 99BC28B1h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3141DAC5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6022140Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0AA5476CFh
xor     eax, 0BABAC529h
add     eax, 9091F0E8h
add     eax, 47D77B70h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0FCAB56CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 62A44BCAh
sub     eax, 4D6FFDACh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AD3580D4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 32E74DCFh
add     eax, 59DE2419h
sub     eax, 0EAFF7813h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 312A11CAh
add     eax, 35588238h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C5EE2453h
not     eax
add     eax, 9BAA44C3h
xor     eax, 318C55CCh
add     eax, 9353292Dh
sub     eax, 0B57513E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0A6F7CBADh
not     eax
add     eax, 7DE44739h
xor     eax, 0AEC93EC8h
add     eax, 0FAEAEE13h
add     eax, 62392207h
xor     eax, 6F04ABBEh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 9B7A2BE7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 654E79A2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0A7F22E50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C9B1E3DBh
sub     eax, 0B6F70AC3h
sub     eax, 0F756901Fh
sub     eax, 83A12BF1h
sub     eax, 2FA89251h
sub     eax, 8F1E4F6Dh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 9E927046h
add     eax, 0CE075EF4h
add     eax, 2141765Eh
sub     eax, 0C9E95772h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D4EA75E8h
add     eax, 235817E5h
add     eax, 96D81C2Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 33903CBFh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2C4EA920h
xor     eax, 0A73BF793h
xor     eax, 84409D54h
sub     eax, 95B17084h
sub     eax, 729587DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ADC442E7h
xor     eax, 4E11F930h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F26C90B9h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0E0216BACh
xor     eax, 8810BC41h
xor     eax, 1C932B03h
sub     eax, 0A9F28144h
xor     eax, 7DB95A78h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A6B4C351h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 4BF75E4Bh
sub     eax, 0E69D2F4Eh
sub     eax, 0EC9B1885h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 249A56FEh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0AEA0D3B7h
sub     eax, 0BF65F37Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 319B6E43h
add     eax, 0F7743464h
add     eax, 6692F823h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0B9558008h
xor     eax, 0B852AA90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0EA15B980h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 5DDACE73h
xor     eax, 0E3D72FBCh
sub     eax, 843B93E7h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D11E5442h
sub     eax, 7CBEF5CFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 5CA190FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 42D02EBEh
add     eax, 618CFDE2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0D87B7E2Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 4A72827Bh
xor     eax, 7BA092CBh
add     eax, 8EA93ECEh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 6F4C75EEh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CFD47882h
add     eax, 0B52FDAC7h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DA11E968h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 141F89A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1F74FAABh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0A95C6F89h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0F063ABEEh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 15871B16h
sub     eax, 87A62BBBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 23BEFB9Ah
sub     eax, 0D251F36Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 883CD896h
sub     eax, 294167EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 78680CFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2A7B3DC6h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2546689Eh
add     eax, 41642B72h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D2A816DCh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A6D1325Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 54C0AF4Eh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0D9E7AC39h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EE4E8687h
xor     eax, 462D235Ah
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 7794DA18h
xor     eax, 60CC93A8h
add     eax, 7B88ACA7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BC2EC42Ch
add     eax, 0A49325D2h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0F618950Eh
add     eax, 4CF0C118h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 4C13AA1Fh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 8C1FB0ECh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 84D2F6ACh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0DF5A0522h
sub     eax, 74F77E63h
sub     eax, 6FE1F188h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4A4CECD6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AFBBE31Dh
add     eax, 0CAB40089h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 26581F12h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7AE02FDBh
add     eax, 8FE121E5h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 9D2AF002h
xor     eax, 833D90ECh
sub     eax, 50B2836Fh
xor     eax, 8B82C484h
sub     eax, 0E2C4249Ah
add     eax, 1B2977DCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 58FEEA35h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F441EE55h
xor     eax, 0F21A8C78h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 7F28E80Ah
sub     eax, 0A878AD90h
sub     eax, 54991408h
xor     eax, 7A289406h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A86B685Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B5FFBBDAh
add     eax, 9B56513Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0D47E0EDFh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 1042DC83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2CFEEAFAh
sub     eax, 6B84F711h
sub     eax, 1580C353h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 644FA4D1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 55C9B837h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0C0B361F9h
xor     eax, 0C39BEEF2h
xor     eax, 2908ADADh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 236D8F49h
not     eax
add     eax, 2630D1CDh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0BC6F1C83h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B9024FEBh
xor     eax, 17F4473Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0AA543B7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 17F6021Fh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0F80231D2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 57406A9Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 823E1D62h
sub     eax, 590191A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2A7B831Ah
xor     eax, 78A631FBh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0FAEA04A0h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 90FFB1F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 7A140514h
xor     eax, 0B77B720Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 6A5316FCh
add     eax, 0B455D58Fh
add     eax, 2AE32034h
sub     eax, 0FA47DED9h
xor     eax, 0B92100E9h
sub     eax, 0B9C5DA06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0D0631643h
sub     eax, 8BC6EA4Fh
sub     eax, 0EE2BBC87h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 7E7BA5B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 91564F49h
add     eax, 2028881Eh
add     eax, 0F62AD525h
xor     eax, 405DA0FBh
add     eax, 0FC068E3Fh
xor     eax, 80FA9EF9h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 17B28F93h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 92D5785Fh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0DCF4FB00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 63BA7192h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 3B868F71h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 57D8DE51h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 4D8A4C73h
add     eax, 10A189F2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E3A9E592h
xor     eax, 3227E24Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7A8F8AA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FC83D578h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 4654154Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DC9C8C14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 920BC4AEh
xor     eax, 43EF240Ch
xor     eax, 0C2A08AA7h
sub     eax, 53C2C024h
xor     eax, 0A754CF88h
sub     eax, 0E8A70E91h
xor     eax, 1547AC68h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C68A28BAh
add     eax, 0F5F718DAh
add     eax, 0C6E3A478h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 9596F098h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0C58A59A1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0ED9420FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 31F37173h
xor     eax, 514FA210h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 18BD01D1h
sub     eax, 0CFD07E5Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2C1385ECh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 2CDE21D6h
sub     eax, 94A65E10h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 888CFA0Dh
sub     eax, 0CB6A881Eh
add     eax, 8987B0F7h
add     eax, 0BBA8A4C3h
xor     eax, 0AAB70151h
xor     eax, 59B5C001h
add     eax, 0A44FEA1Fh
sub     eax, 6A57CEE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C5E1B8DFh
xor     eax, 0F90B9177h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3331B2F4h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 93CE45F7h
xor     eax, 5B56F857h
not     eax
add     eax, 90C5F3F0h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 24DF9AD6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0DFCB8D5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 345D2957h
xor     eax, 4BF3E5BCh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1B8422C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 8B25EAE6h
add     eax, 2018412Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F265A998h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5E90B4DEh
xor     eax, 9BEAF90Bh
sub     eax, 0AE46BE68h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0AAE6046Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E7F546C9h
xor     eax, 78EEA14Bh
add     eax, 0FB4AFCBCh
add     eax, 6012158Ah
xor     eax, 98C90206h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AB03ED9Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 9243AC8Fh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D1B85FFEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 713DFA9Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 63F0A216h
add     eax, 0D4312E1Bh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D8EF746Fh
add     eax, 0C00FDA32h
xor     eax, 35A9B524h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 8294E6ACh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 5D9EEF7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 17D74AEAh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 4531CCB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 9361C487h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 972EA684h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 47416349h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 213BFF78h
add     eax, 0F2C7D853h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 50FF6B37h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0FE4367E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B2FEBF95h
not     eax
xor     eax, 627FD6B6h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 4A3FEB14h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0B23BB54Dh
xor     eax, 0C0021E02h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 6B152E12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ED9247C7h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0D81BF2E9h
sub     eax, 2FF9AD8Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 2A31BFE4h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 5BD5BA04h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 71D2A309h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 90EE4597h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A2B7444Ah
sub     eax, 3BD0A1A0h
xor     eax, 0ED43EA4Dh
xor     eax, 71430A15h
add     eax, 996F92FCh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 7C4747AAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 658DAD5Ah
add     eax, 0F7FC5A71h
xor     eax, 1ECF89FBh
sub     eax, 0C4FF8CEBh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0F1C57FD3h
sub     eax, 97EA7026h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0ADD34B03h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6BF5DD9Ah
sub     eax, 40CAD414h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 24AA567Ah
xor     eax, 0C03B8D7Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 82C8DA4Dh
add     eax, 293F3C28h
add     eax, 5457D708h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 7A8E9B6Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 1AE38142h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 90438E6Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 2C8A2CA6h
sub     eax, 0C9AF8927h
sub     eax, 8702903Fh
add     eax, 3D446C65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0D8064582h
sub     eax, 0FCCD6CADh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BDE690F6h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4A41FF94h
sub     eax, 5AD9A814h
xor     eax, 0AFB3F111h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0F61CB137h
xor     eax, 0F2AFD53Fh
xor     eax, 47A32915h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0CC7B00A3h
sub     eax, 348F641Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 3EAA0F4Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B6C2EB49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 64DFA6BBh
xor     eax, 1044C70Dh
add     eax, 0E0643080h
add     eax, 19937BECh
add     eax, 7789CDACh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9A299EF1h
xor     eax, 8E8B8BA6h
add     eax, 0C0C46289h
xor     eax, 1FD73838h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 23F9BD02h
add     eax, 2ACBD1CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 77932E8Bh
add     eax, 0CDFA5A94h
add     eax, 1CF1F5A9h
sub     eax, 935A8BCCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FE3BBECBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 1A5F851Ah
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0A8D270BAh
add     eax, 0CEC16392h
not     eax
sub     eax, 14CBF343h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 7EEE7536h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 44D34192h
sub     eax, 0E94581BEh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 912C1ED8h
xor     eax, 0A7DBC4A8h
add     eax, 929908C1h
xor     eax, 40180DC0h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 83A13C94h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 5D0389DAh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 88EB1F8Fh
sub     eax, 9BD91CB4h
add     eax, 0FEC7C443h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 414D58AEh
add     eax, 4CEA6412h
not     eax
add     eax, 28F8A1F3h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0D9C7C5B1h
xor     eax, 0F83CA3B1h
add     eax, 2BE95B89h
sub     eax, 0FD80D4DDh
add     eax, 0FF863332h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 5BECABC9h
xor     eax, 2E6C07A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 1BD7E118h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 538BC36Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0EA1EAF84h
sub     eax, 0F55B0EEBh
add     eax, 908454D5h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1B78520Dh
add     eax, 0EFFA3E13h
xor     eax, 79EC4AEFh
sub     eax, 95581D9Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0DA17D926h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0C9F6F0DCh
sub     eax, 42071C39h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 26E35089h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 33D67034h
xor     eax, 98CAAD1Ch
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 4C958D53h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C7B9C497h
sub     eax, 0EFA11049h
not     eax
add     eax, 34FE26CFh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0D85D243Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0AEB18D2Ah
xor     eax, 82C1C384h
sub     eax, 0DFBF8F7Bh
xor     eax, 11E3012Eh
sub     eax, 99DF025Fh
xor     eax, 5EE1BC4Bh
xor     eax, 3B657FE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 7190815Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 58962499h
add     eax, 0ECDB5582h
add     eax, 54D0C95Ch
sub     eax, 253CCD5Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BCE6BF6Eh
sub     eax, 0F7632A29h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 457A3CB6h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0CA762EF6h
xor     eax, 0BCA957A9h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 136756CFh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 976A7FB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F6FDE1F0h
add     eax, 36E0E34Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 52578F01h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 7AA27BC2h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DB984BBBh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7B6225CDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B8F57FE3h
add     eax, 7FF639A2h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0EDEDCAB4h
sub     eax, 0C9BE019Fh
sub     eax, 32A19044h
sub     eax, 5C4990DFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D9E6C338h
add     eax, 312BF296h
xor     eax, 21935120h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 91CAA424h
add     eax, 0BC39F836h
sub     eax, 9A927B02h
add     eax, 0CF4FE5B5h
sub     eax, 1DFA3069h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C39D5423h
sub     eax, 96C96299h
xor     eax, 12655F75h
sub     eax, 46658673h
sub     eax, 28B1A5CBh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 5214990Ah
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 51D921F9h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 21E57245h
sub     eax, 6D46241Dh
xor     eax, 8BE6FE79h
sub     eax, 9868478Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9B3152A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F5B2FB60h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 53A1AE62h
xor     eax, 0BDF4D6C4h
sub     eax, 0C4013F13h
add     eax, 682E57FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 24F15183h
not     eax
xor     eax, 771D8A0Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 3941F70Fh
add     eax, 1D09C8F6h
xor     eax, 0E43A36BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 90A560ABh
sub     eax, 3A268E1Ch
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 8CBF4F56h
xor     eax, 549A76FBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C183609Eh
xor     eax, 67910D5Bh
sub     eax, 0A81974F5h
not     eax
add     eax, 138F690Fh
add     eax, 0B48799BFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0E9065230h
add     eax, 79FE912Eh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 8CC1A6E9h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0E54B6F49h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9E2E8C59h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 311EC703h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 4B6AE88Ah
sub     eax, 0F3827803h
add     eax, 0E82191ADh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 72A80369h
not     eax
add     eax, 5F37621Fh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0BC31FF28h
add     eax, 84F7051Bh
add     eax, 0FD9133B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 17A71B21h
xor     eax, 53707637h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0C3FD17D7h
sub     eax, 558F5646h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9EA6147Ch
xor     eax, 5AAC838Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 3EC8D251h
sub     eax, 0AD4280FDh
sub     eax, 687AD9A8h
add     eax, 0E1188143h
sub     eax, 458AB59Eh
xor     eax, 19C1415Ah
add     eax, 4BF9438Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4BD0EC04h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 270A4B96h
xor     eax, 0C75B9E05h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B32F202Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CF6F9EF2h
add     eax, 10ED58BEh
xor     eax, 67825F35h
xor     eax, 0A3C39AE6h
sub     eax, 0CC39A585h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0B752E905h
sub     eax, 491554E7h
add     eax, 67B3D85Fh
sub     eax, 803C110Dh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 9C71FB35h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2DE22AD3h
sub     eax, 4B5B06B4h
sub     eax, 71953071h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7403C6B4h
xor     eax, 65C4F34Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2FA22114h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0D61AE62Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 4197E89Ch
add     eax, 0BC4301A8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8E181C08h
sub     eax, 9ED00CC4h
xor     eax, 9AEDE65Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 18F7E17Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 99210FBAh
add     eax, 0EFEB8A8Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 22C9CD9Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0C652976Eh
xor     eax, 52738682h
xor     eax, 0AFE73BDEh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 6DDD3880h
xor     eax, 9058316Ch
add     eax, 79A505ADh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 92E9CF29h
add     eax, 0F1E739F9h
add     eax, 417FB636h
add     eax, 1D2A75BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5C5D0826h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 7E8B9409h
add     eax, 9BFFA6C8h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 49F91035h
xor     eax, 0FF282E4Dh
xor     eax, 0C0064187h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0F1C41C5Dh
add     eax, 0DD4AEA40h
sub     eax, 0C037AA44h
sub     eax, 786DFA4Dh
xor     eax, 3815DFF4h
xor     eax, 0EF49DCB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 2294A573h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0D207905Dh
xor     eax, 5B514436h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 9FCD9BCCh
xor     eax, 5412A8C2h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 6D221FE8h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2707A4CCh
add     eax, 56641C32h
xor     eax, 7C04C3FFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 49A17C65h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 76319C6Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16E069D1h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0DEE03FE1h
add     eax, 978BEA41h
sub     eax, 5B4BA623h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C77BD18Eh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EABA7073h
add     eax, 94B4C8E1h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0F8F8303Bh
add     eax, 32AE66D0h
sub     eax, 3C49F434h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8118B4B4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2C4B096Bh
xor     eax, 9DE7B152h
add     eax, 0C3397A68h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 7B58557Dh
xor     eax, 9FBE876Ch
add     eax, 0BC9448B4h
xor     eax, 81145C92h
sub     eax, 0DDC8E2B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 323C4007h
add     eax, 77324208h
sub     eax, 6E8B2EA5h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 18C95E3Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D6D1D0D6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DFA6EE59h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BD26DCD0h
sub     eax, 4ED3327Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 841B2CD8h
xor     eax, 1AC5CB72h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0B5CF006Ch
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 4F1ACCE6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AEBA154Ch
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0B18AC936h
sub     eax, 0E961B3D8h
xor     eax, 9D1B2918h
xor     eax, 51BFACC7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D6DE5F2Fh
xor     eax, 2C7757C0h
add     eax, 304B66B1h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0E38D9A50h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 8E609407h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F1B568E8h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 3D06591Dh
xor     eax, 0DBD9C9EAh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0D17E314Dh
sub     eax, 87C29879h
xor     eax, 0FC61AD08h
sub     eax, 419A1DEFh
sub     eax, 0D754025Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EA126AF2h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C72C53FAh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2C8EEBAEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5B0AA966h
add     eax, 89AEF6EAh
add     eax, 0A48E26D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 96229779h
sub     eax, 0A98D40EAh
add     eax, 0CFC46B24h
xor     eax, 0E3116E79h
xor     eax, 62422865h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0C409AF20h
sub     eax, 9145CAB9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 7D5B8FA9h
sub     eax, 4E1ACE0Ah
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 361F5343h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 4293EC60h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3BDCBF93h
xor     eax, 0D8D69461h
sub     eax, 328D4156h
xor     eax, 0EBC6DDEEh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C04F0841h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 5BC3184Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C5797B29h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0E4ADBF8Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0FF9E9FF1h
sub     eax, 6EA821FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CF32A9E8h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 65EFB6EEh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 96ED9F2Ch
add     eax, 2D446DD3h
xor     eax, 1642284Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB61B2CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 9EC6F9F7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 29169DC7h
sub     eax, 79BFA91Bh
sub     eax, 65FAA4D5h
add     eax, 81769AD8h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 83F21F8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D2EDAA39h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0C4F7574Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 13298B02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CA121EE7h
sub     eax, 405799E5h
add     eax, 0CD2397E9h
sub     eax, 675B7EAFh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0C61BFD1Ch
add     eax, 0D72359C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D3C1E903h
sub     eax, 8BBEFDCBh
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0B00E443Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0F85CDB39h
sub     eax, 531D0D19h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 6DB3FCF1h
xor     eax, 0B5871268h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0EDCB3463h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 726827CCh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 64C70983h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B96D4305h
xor     eax, 9E0525CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 73D7981Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A77EDD9Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5B956E41h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8E5F76CFh
sub     eax, 0A3709D07h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0BD6BFF4Eh
xor     eax, 591BF628h
add     eax, 3C0540A8h
sub     eax, 0F2B4B661h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 2FAA8368h
add     eax, 51ACDE8Ch
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 3991ECA7h
sub     eax, 68E93E49h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 5BF0E726h
add     eax, 76E9ED80h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0E75403C0h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 8DEFCD1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 1FA37363h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0F1025B09h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B848025Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 1E59A043h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0FD4BB5D4h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 944117C0h
sub     eax, 75204BC1h
sub     eax, 7B363751h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7E315B9Dh
add     eax, 8AC3857Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0D9AD27D4h
add     eax, 735C86F7h
add     eax, 0F8E0CCFFh
sub     eax, 0AB624418h
add     eax, 0AD65F99Bh
sub     eax, 0A8E00B3Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 15FCFA3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CA74B2D6h
add     eax, 91B30D8Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0F9691959h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 19627A33h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 6AB8796Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 1AAA69E9h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9C52DA58h
add     eax, 36E0A729h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 15459092h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EAB4DA45h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 7C631A9Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 7AE95C05h
not     eax
add     eax, 5B67847Ch
add     eax, 7A619198h
add     eax, 36A33844h
add     eax, 0DD1DEFEBh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 901403CBh
sub     eax, 0FF6B0A87h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 4006051Fh
add     eax, 86E75EF8h
sub     eax, 7A44D8B9h
xor     eax, 0C069C329h
add     eax, 0F2990AB5h
sub     eax, 0B625543Dh
xor     eax, 1FCA16A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 47F96831h
add     eax, 5007CFFDh
add     eax, 0A861486Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7B5D307Bh
xor     eax, 0A68A99BAh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 9425F4D9h
sub     eax, 0DA2062D1h
xor     eax, 6B159D11h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 894A9B65h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 218CB97Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0E09889D7h
xor     eax, 48866E9Ah
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 777BF818h
add     eax, 220241F9h
xor     eax, 0D5476C23h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 9CE7F063h
not     eax
add     eax, 81978533h
sub     eax, 0C3EDF4C9h
xor     eax, 0EF666B54h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 40C4C13Ah
add     eax, 0F4E1BC99h
sub     eax, 8457F74Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 2F638F04h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 91B3380Ch
add     eax, 242D91AAh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 229E512Ch
add     eax, 553F134Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AB4D5DC7h
sub     eax, 0D370EC9Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 67E52180h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0ADEABAF0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 96389CA8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0F8C39C4Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 838BE8C0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CBA138D4h
xor     eax, 43032212h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0A58837B3h
add     eax, 0BD5AF33Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A935DE61h
xor     eax, 0C40FA79Dh
add     eax, 7B51D227h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 67C0E555h
xor     eax, 6BBCF19Bh
add     eax, 0C6907AF4h
add     eax, 43A71E7Ch
xor     eax, 0AFE20544h
add     eax, 511B2227h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0BD244FB8h
sub     eax, 0A3B15650h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0AE1A96CAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3CE57FE1h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 24C328EBh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 76920A20h
sub     eax, 0AB2602A9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 471F6FBDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 955EEF7Ah
add     eax, 34033C43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D999458Eh
xor     eax, 0BA02DDCFh
add     eax, 5905BEF3h
sub     eax, 0B5947422h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DDC04E65h
add     eax, 0BD71CE6Dh
sub     eax, 0D9FB56ADh
add     eax, 0A717EB99h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 63F73E46h
sub     eax, 368C5AB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0F3780886h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FB6EC3FCh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0BE335743h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8EB58720h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 829E061Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A81F13B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A6B0B978h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 57608743h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0EB685980h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7519653Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CDBE15FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0E74DEB1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 7A359DD4h
sub     eax, 2BF398D8h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0ED31E58Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0E2EE2FD5h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 7BAE0B49h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 5DCF250Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 961441EBh
sub     eax, 0B9094D7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 5CB67017h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B7907815h
add     eax, 194BDD55h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0D6AB325Bh
xor     eax, 64602A0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B2DF91E3h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0D8810CFCh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C21A4FDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C233F0C3h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C5214764h
xor     eax, 2904EE66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0CFE4726Bh
xor     eax, 0C80EABF4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 750A8051h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FD94B2BDh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0A3DDFC8Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 615A6E3Ah
add     eax, 9D48E41Dh
add     eax, 0ABE42F82h
add     eax, 72E7BE85h
sub     eax, 594A2A01h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 2DC3F074h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0A0230202h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0BE9A3782h
xor     eax, 0FDAD20E2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 18531AC9h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 502FFF23h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 40E45890h
sub     eax, 7CCE39EDh
sub     eax, 35E4D451h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 6A4EBBD9h
xor     eax, 93CED8B4h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 7F645E66h
sub     eax, 72089991h
sub     eax, 73B5A52Eh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0E59576FFh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0AEC7E1CCh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3FAA7D8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 43AF3A7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DC723A7Eh
add     eax, 799DE9A7h
xor     eax, 0CA0BA0B5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8D7B72D7h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0DA058263h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0ED7B1B80h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5368FFFBh
add     eax, 377BD123h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 9C17FD35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 972E0ABCh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 984BD40Eh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 407FAF5Dh
sub     eax, 0EF2107C4h
xor     eax, 8FF11504h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 814F0B41h
xor     eax, 7C35A4FEh
sub     eax, 7CBD859Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0BB26A861h
sub     eax, 0C2CFBE1Ch
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 0BB29F157h
sub     eax, 8ED81574h
add     eax, 0E0231962h
xor     eax, 0B91B682Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 2AD3AD1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F19CCE91h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9F6A19BEh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9FF0A8EAh
add     eax, 0E4AD6674h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7183D5A7h
sub     eax, 1F88F5CDh
xor     eax, 45254508h
xor     eax, 0FC505147h
sub     eax, 0B835145Ah
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 5079484Ah
sub     eax, 0DFC5DC28h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5A651728h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 41F12086h
sub     eax, 3DD9A40Fh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 67BE33A4h
add     eax, 0CA64FF2Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 389FA869h
add     eax, 0B1E31BD7h
add     eax, 1D00ACDDh
sub     eax, 0E35A695Bh
sub     eax, 579A005Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F5A0429Eh
add     eax, 0E9EDFE7Dh
xor     eax, 7FFD19C1h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0A544AC66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C830FC22h
xor     eax, 0ECC534D7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C2024E84h
xor     eax, 0B5E12967h
xor     eax, 1BB32D87h
xor     eax, 0E8AF79DBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9778B954h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 403D2962h
xor     eax, 1C33637Bh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A8FC8CA0h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 3B597C3Ah
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 283BE1C6h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 15C6C58Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 82469E6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2CA9EA59h
sub     eax, 531479F3h
xor     eax, 4E3FACB8h
add     eax, 0E74E7B13h
sub     eax, 52A269DAh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 12EC2C87h
add     eax, 0EC226DB6h
add     eax, 3483C9D9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0DDD5802Eh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 88B7CCBCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 2E14C275h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E8CE7277h
xor     eax, 14FE95F1h
add     eax, 0B49480C9h
sub     eax, 0BFCFD7AFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 8F0BA67Bh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 34AEC886h
add     eax, 0A5112F10h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8247E407h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 52A05B56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9363E13Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3A4181CBh
xor     eax, 996CAFD2h
sub     eax, 24E15682h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0BD9CC58Dh
xor     eax, 0BA614257h
add     eax, 0BAAF3CC6h
sub     eax, 0E5B2EF77h
sub     eax, 0BE21B57Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0FD8D6D40h
add     eax, 4766FF38h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9421E55Eh
sub     eax, 334042C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A9DF1D2h
sub     eax, 9F20D80Ah
xor     eax, 8DF97688h
add     eax, 91F5AFB5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2A6BCA9Ah
xor     eax, 17DB8B58h
xor     eax, 0B3129BE5h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 170C261Bh
add     eax, 7ACBBA26h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FAEFF9EAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BD88D7A8h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0E5ADCA1Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0CC1F7B63h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0F4DB4A41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 86B944C2h
add     eax, 6309FA60h
not     eax
sub     eax, 92AE2BA8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6A36C794h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F4F0205Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 89C2C51Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0D0D71C47h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0BDC31B32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AFDB8340h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0AB2DBBB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FB287E1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 91149CB3h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0E33E1D36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9685AD37h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E440E87Ah
add     eax, 0E2374AD4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 7D1079E9h
xor     eax, 95222A85h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A0F60E40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 9077DB3Fh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FE34A81Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4CD43DBCh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0E81936D5h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8F2C5A36h
add     eax, 6C047BB9h
sub     eax, 35D902D1h
not     eax
add     eax, 5EEB1431h
sub     eax, 6786A983h
add     eax, 0BDD74289h
sub     eax, 0CF376D34h
xor     eax, 4F29B48Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3FC29DDCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A8591697h
add     eax, 8678655Fh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E120CD26h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EC49D205h
sub     eax, 98B63741h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0E91A483Bh
sub     eax, 756A39B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 339F9454h
add     eax, 0E8C0A0F6h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A4709FA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6AFEEDBFh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 96D6AD71h
xor     eax, 0A4ED8E49h
xor     eax, 29BF069Bh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 9B47BDCDh
add     eax, 0F132AC98h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 93642826h
add     eax, 0A9A54D5Fh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 6FC3B94Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 42B741D9h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 80F59B97h
xor     eax, 93CBE5BAh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0EB8EB656h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0FBA42E1Ch
sub     eax, 0D0E80BD3h
sub     eax, 2C21AA26h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 8950CE81h
not     eax
xor     eax, 48521AF8h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 4C06FF32h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0CA229DC9h
sub     eax, 0BA3FA544h
sub     eax, 36D8C803h
xor     eax, 79255BE0h
add     eax, 8373AC9Eh
add     eax, 80774EEFh
xor     eax, 6B97304Eh
xor     eax, 0E4AEB7B1h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0D670B7D3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0FC71BE3Eh
xor     eax, 199CC742h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0EC7F24FFh
add     eax, 0EE183698h
add     eax, 0C94F0DF8h
xor     eax, 48D2914Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 6D149672h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0C978BBE1h
add     eax, 6FC5133Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B5F871A3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4F504EE2h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0D927D482h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 529AF224h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B7D0B65Ah
add     eax, 45D384B7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AF70272Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8176CD93h
xor     eax, 295ACBC6h
add     eax, 0E66FD31Eh
xor     eax, 5BA5546Dh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0A177F367h
sub     eax, 128B241Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 865C7D13h
sub     eax, 66C8A51Bh
add     eax, 8E0B58A2h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CAD8C4DFh
add     eax, 31A99FF8h
sub     eax, 93A13100h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1495CD31h
sub     eax, 709C10ACh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 13E3F2BAh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 703B1A35h
not     eax
xor     eax, 906A5816h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0E1E7E1E7h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BBF314E5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2E11B171h
sub     eax, 87EFE5FEh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 2791F0C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4A084CF2h
add     eax, 0D6A90EE1h
xor     eax, 48137B76h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 9D7C2323h
add     eax, 0EA1FFB3Ah
sub     eax, 0F1B588EDh
add     eax, 744FFA69h
xor     eax, 8CC7606Dh
sub     eax, 4ABAB140h
xor     eax, 98F7725Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D4D3F944h
sub     eax, 60545225h
xor     eax, 0FF95BC19h
xor     eax, 58854C32h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD90F838h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 8901AC4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A44A44Bh
xor     eax, 0EDDDB7EDh
add     eax, 0D6BBCB25h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6A1DCD23h
xor     eax, 0EA76FA78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E49EF42Ch
add     eax, 26E03D5Ah
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 605CDFC9h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 4152655Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DF311A7Dh
add     eax, 3581B415h
xor     eax, 8F47F5F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 11F28D15h
xor     eax, 0D87E441Bh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 66E802ECh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 17E42C29h
add     eax, 41538C53h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F9026DDFh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 6A166CDAh
xor     eax, 0CEE82B11h
sub     eax, 16D87407h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E7B4F3CFh
xor     eax, 59BDC74Ch
xor     eax, 56553C97h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 16BB8A9Dh
xor     eax, 5696AACDh
sub     eax, 0AAF65611h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0AC5F224Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8C9BC70Dh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B2E7629Fh
sub     eax, 0ADEC85F2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 960881CAh
sub     eax, 0CBAAA6CEh
sub     eax, 0B2004792h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C61EFF93h
add     eax, 26419DEEh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0B9D2DD50h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 8AC27643h
sub     eax, 1BDB1696h
xor     eax, 0B17751FDh
add     eax, 0E3806688h
xor     eax, 7622B2D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D730434Dh
sub     eax, 0A399E163h
add     eax, 0A969A40Eh
sub     eax, 8C4432EFh
sub     eax, 782D5EC5h
add     eax, 4C254997h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 27AC3F46h
sub     eax, 7154833Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0F319CDF1h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 26307AEBh
add     eax, 8818A2CEh
sub     eax, 86A94E62h
sub     eax, 5F879538h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 5EDF991Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 43FD3A21h
xor     eax, 514AA1FFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 3242D7CEh
add     eax, 3C59C056h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EF648C0Ah
add     eax, 28FC847Fh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0B9B5AD45h
xor     eax, 83A11938h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C9168DFBh
sub     eax, 93A9AD77h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E2D81E6Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0C3798DA4h
sub     eax, 986775F1h
add     eax, 8AE180F4h
xor     eax, 0AB750D0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 969A8163h
xor     eax, 1AD02A5Bh
xor     eax, 89FD9767h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3E5468BCh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 10E5CEBEh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F788D8D8h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0D4011A3Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8D01ADB5h
sub     eax, 0C9ADF70Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 4495CF8Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0D8AF90E4h
sub     eax, 18653204h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D9B9E324h
sub     eax, 0E098BAB6h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 6B834F06h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 65899ED9h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 5AED9E5Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E06DDB6Ch
xor     eax, 0CDBD5FA1h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0B9CED326h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 46EA464Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 98A4456Bh
add     eax, 564BF86Ch
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0AB2F9D27h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 5B69054Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 7BE803E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2B90D6ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 24D902E2h
add     eax, 179CF7BEh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0FC8FAA38h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0B9EA63DBh
xor     eax, 508080FCh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BDB5DB36h
sub     eax, 12CC145Fh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DC6899F0h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9936AABAh
xor     eax, 70A682A1h
xor     eax, 0A52CB0BFh
sub     eax, 2A522303h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3B5A40EDh
add     eax, 48A84434h
xor     eax, 54841C4Dh
add     eax, 595C3C34h
add     eax, 4F00A87Fh
sub     eax, 0C533569Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CD2B4440h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 89D58CF5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 44041952h
xor     eax, 11BDF0F0h
xor     eax, 0B8CCA961h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1E87B0D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7CABE8DDh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 217A6E2Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5F07A0EEh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F8D71360h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ED1E5019h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0FE6FF84Eh
add     eax, 50F211F3h
xor     eax, 0A7F35864h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 20B12F77h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 5DE7544Ch
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 8CF3368Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 54E84509h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 9F19F847h
add     eax, 6F8977DCh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 6B47807Ah
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0F75A9BB2h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 25DA3E94h
xor     eax, 2CD6B581h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 1873A193h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CBF67F78h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0D100506Ah
sub     eax, 88B879EAh
sub     eax, 332B2DA2h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 8DF3E068h
add     eax, 7AE856D7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0E3D1420Ah
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 6B1A66E1h
add     eax, 0A2CD25E0h
add     eax, 0C655F16Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CA35EF25h
xor     eax, 1FB5D7B8h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B1FC4E6Ch
add     eax, 701BD358h
add     eax, 6542C3C5h
sub     eax, 111B4AACh
add     eax, 8A3B8073h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 13A37EF1h
not     eax
add     eax, 43719A87h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 6FC4DE26h
add     eax, 14895D47h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C6EFCB27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E041F4F9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 434CD6B1h
add     eax, 0DB21C173h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0DDAFC532h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 9F762B00h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E7EBF369h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 389B2BC4h
xor     eax, 56FDBE7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 83845F3Ch
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8AF38D2Bh
sub     eax, 885A39E0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 29E3F392h
xor     eax, 0EE6637C8h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0C55647B8h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0F7F5AF05h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 8AE95FB0h
xor     eax, 869FDDA0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FF93310Fh
sub     eax, 4B1EBC7Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 6E7BF363h
add     eax, 0DC6ACD16h
not     eax
add     eax, 9FF43DDCh
add     eax, 0CD529E07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 6DCFBF60h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 7C87F121h
xor     eax, 0B62A0C37h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 688A33F9h
sub     eax, 57F415EAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 61420EE5h
sub     eax, 336143CCh
add     eax, 670754E9h
add     eax, 1CD39B34h
xor     eax, 9ACBD1E1h
xor     eax, 0FD99F385h
not     eax
sub     eax, 28E67987h
xor     eax, 99B3B027h
add     eax, 37C0FA70h
sub     eax, 0C86FEBFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DEA6C934h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5DC6E58Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 90675C28h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B7D79F50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 944C9373h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E8CEC264h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 2E136FF9h
sub     eax, 9E80A714h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0B6C22DB2h
add     eax, 0A4CB1D15h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3AC7ECDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 59D13B4Dh
sub     eax, 65DE24A3h
sub     eax, 67DE8F7Eh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 55E0F6D2h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 26760720h
xor     eax, 9719146Bh
sub     eax, 0B48FF263h
sub     eax, 0D3B882A7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 6B3C9DB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6534AE49h
xor     eax, 6933C721h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 52BC88CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 370A2F1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 1FBAC9E1h
add     eax, 5C8FBD7Eh
xor     eax, 520CAFC4h
add     eax, 4A96DDACh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 64C623DCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 53C7E92Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0EB82F616h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FED9D1BEh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7A9C2FE0h
add     eax, 0DA5CF1FDh
xor     eax, 1DCAC2D4h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C16BEDF9h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6F5E8625h
not     eax
add     eax, 2B20A6FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1308973Fh
xor     eax, 0A5E680F5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0B70202F9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E2B0F9BBh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 1A0CDCEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 7FDCD2CBh
xor     eax, 271FADB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 6BC845E2h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 804F1BFEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0DB04AC51h
xor     eax, 8015374Fh
add     eax, 768CE266h
add     eax, 0E6A7B51Ch
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 9037CFEFh
add     eax, 6E3C8F6Fh
sub     eax, 1698BF9Ah
xor     eax, 9FC88028h
not     eax
add     eax, 69D33ED7h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 49464DD6h
xor     eax, 649E9A84h
sub     eax, 92BB7B7Dh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EB316DE8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0DA4B394Bh
add     eax, 30F989FDh
sub     eax, 6AEEA102h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BD8A1936h
add     eax, 0EE669968h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 50409F9Dh
xor     eax, 25060A53h
sub     eax, 5975D5CDh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0DB00A57Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0B483BD5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 39CE0596h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 5C020CD2h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0F4C0886Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 713D37AAh
add     eax, 5843AE8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 1D3F7F78h
xor     eax, 33384E87h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0DCEC1A96h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 5B50DBE4h
add     eax, 94D163C3h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 44BC1E8Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 27BD508Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0B7EC80D2h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 36612C55h
sub     eax, 0BEF3D308h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 376117A6h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 533EC4B0h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 9BF45738h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 7A14C877h
xor     eax, 8312BF96h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B5861476h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0B362F14Fh
xor     eax, 0EB854CC2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0DD376B87h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0BAF221C7h
xor     eax, 6195CEDAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BE0E0DECh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 794059A7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 27BEFBD4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0DB230B4Ah
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA5EAFADh
sub     eax, 2C86642Ah
xor     eax, 60D49588h
sub     eax, 8EA339DDh
sub     eax, 0E61A4951h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BC702F20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 81484429h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 3F7140DFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5046F698h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0A071C096h
add     eax, 8CFFA406h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 8B9BA56Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F5D816D7h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0BC9903E1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D6DA7EE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2541079Eh
sub     eax, 0EFF94E39h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D8DDB679h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 20BA12A4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ADA4571Fh
xor     eax, 57B42655h
not     eax
xor     eax, 75FC9399h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 62163ED5h
add     eax, 3AD54944h
add     eax, 56F82AE1h
sub     eax, 90ECB2D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 99E41EDDh
add     eax, 0DF92040Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7B338326h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7C2C0693h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0F63B28DFh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 2C418913h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 1CFF3C2Ch
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0F09B2FF8h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 8A3516D5h
add     eax, 64C0FBDCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A4923E5Bh
add     eax, 8B2C3215h
add     eax, 0E0D3ED71h
add     eax, 0A35C9D69h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 45403308h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 426B9517h
sub     eax, 275A38C3h
add     eax, 0F4AB3AB6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 96DAA320h
sub     eax, 0D2511C4Ah
xor     eax, 11EB9076h
add     eax, 9754DFEDh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0F69EB341h
add     eax, 0CF9C9799h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 7A21932Ch
sub     eax, 0D091233Ch
add     eax, 89B95536h
add     eax, 5E269D79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 560981D8h
sub     eax, 40047E97h
add     eax, 570B7C6Ch
add     eax, 333D0860h
add     eax, 0C4DF436Bh
sub     eax, 444F075Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0DA57EE6Fh
sub     eax, 1935D49Ah
sub     eax, 0B12BBCCBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E30F568Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 888B83B8h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 79FA534Ah
add     eax, 8FEBCD3Fh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6DD0989Dh
sub     eax, 26670AF9h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F3123CB1h
add     eax, 8494AA86h
sub     eax, 300AE3FDh
add     eax, 0E0EBFDB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 1989D81Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 803E4178h
sub     eax, 56B7123Fh
xor     eax, 9D8B9FE5h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4B3805C5h
sub     eax, 4C22E1FEh
add     eax, 9438F587h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A54CEFE4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A33CFCF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CE1D3952h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A815D223h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 7CAC5373h
sub     eax, 0A129F6D7h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E814B344h
add     eax, 0EF548BEEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 2C63DCEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EF34D0B9h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 44EC83D8h
sub     eax, 0F1DFC8C8h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 8B9386C8h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0DA909F73h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E1F91252h
xor     eax, 0D2FB9352h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 27630639h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 51B6B3E8h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 68E4AB1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 802B867Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 81357C7Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 75C265E6h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 37694E52h
add     eax, 0F0CCB0F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 84FBC554h
sub     eax, 874F9D9Ch
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0CD8AB716h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 5EEA8A33h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 60A1C5C2h
add     eax, 72B5E103h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 8479FC37h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0C7D70B62h
add     eax, 7C7B904Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 3E4F72EDh
sub     eax, 0FF1C36B2h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D87F4EB7h
add     eax, 0B0023AEFh
add     eax, 130EF7E1h
xor     eax, 0A4C4968Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 2DA68B1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DEC620FAh
add     eax, 0A4C1A53Dh
add     eax, 8F7E4752h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 3B05E4A1h
sub     eax, 0FE8B79A9h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 6F5E557Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0B77DD383h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 40446410h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 22B46848h
sub     eax, 4B707155h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0B63E79C8h
add     eax, 0B1D13786h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E23A36CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 48E4045Ah
xor     eax, 0DC694D68h
xor     eax, 0C6247331h
sub     eax, 8EE37C08h
add     eax, 0CF007380h
add     eax, 389345F7h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0A452921Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 741F2574h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 1FA3D427h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 930D0BABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 1292AA5Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E4E9C97Fh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 2FEACA21h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0AECA9A9Eh
sub     eax, 0CAFECDA0h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 54EFD3C8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 51F4245Bh
add     eax, 9159A6E2h
add     eax, 805FC459h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0CE34959Ch
add     eax, 0F349EC44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0B076B230h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 435CB8B4h
add     eax, 24B001BFh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 49BAFBD8h
add     eax, 78437FC8h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7B44FFC8h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 81FCAC9Ah
xor     eax, 0FC796C60h
xor     eax, 0AAF7AFB3h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 85B01B99h
xor     eax, 53057FE3h
xor     eax, 66DB5211h
xor     eax, 2036D806h
sub     eax, 0F3FC1C09h
add     eax, 823511D0h
xor     eax, 0D3340253h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 70FB9687h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5F0D5FBFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 110EFF15h
sub     eax, 8932DC4Dh
sub     eax, 49DAE06Ah
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 162775A1h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8F40D887h
xor     eax, 82125DE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 2BB9DF7Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F78BF13Bh
add     eax, 0C7907A67h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 1423156Eh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0A1EDB622h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EA222BF8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FD40B104h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A26D09B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1E53A44Fh
xor     eax, 42537F85h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 39B94F5Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 3410CF78h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8756BF73h
add     eax, 1C28CF2Bh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0C90133CEh
sub     eax, 288217CDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 2DC0A94Dh
add     eax, 42B312C5h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 371FA9EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2126F464h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8E9FBC54h
sub     eax, 8CA78B23h
xor     eax, 0A70E0568h
sub     eax, 74E5D5FDh
sub     eax, 997A4456h
xor     eax, 0C6DE1BD6h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 7FED7879h
xor     eax, 8285C20Ah
add     eax, 1A41CFCFh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 142E0B98h
xor     eax, 0FFA44EA1h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BFB4E023h
xor     eax, 59CC3280h
sub     eax, 4CF89BAEh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0C4CF7A81h
add     eax, 0FEF001CDh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 9F532D8Dh
add     eax, 76B8E780h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F9ED0812h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 25423D2Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 8481AB54h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 612837FBh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0C2DB37E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 15012224h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 4472EDA8h
sub     eax, 392E5699h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 175BBCA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 58497C70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 961C3CA9h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0C00C5EDCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0B7A4A75Ch
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 659F32BAh
xor     eax, 21A158F0h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 1AFC2574h
add     eax, 4F1B845Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 81D327D2h
add     eax, 327E1FBCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2FE4E57Dh
add     eax, 8D8CFF29h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 7771B754h
xor     eax, 291216BEh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 32EDA66Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 68C664DDh
xor     eax, 0FEAC5B7Eh
sub     eax, 47D103E6h
add     eax, 6ADC82C8h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0C292C372h
add     eax, 0F9C12209h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C09E2A97h
add     eax, 0BBB874A7h
xor     eax, 0DA906ABAh
add     eax, 0AA0EDAEDh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 31CEE3DFh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DA101989h
sub     eax, 5BAEF716h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0B91E26D1h
xor     eax, 8B897930h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 79A0DE21h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0FFB4D809h
sub     eax, 4D0EADABh
add     eax, 50A5A0C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 77E6A573h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C4B22374h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 6297F103h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0BE7E8218h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6A00B1DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0A1E4301Ah
sub     eax, 48D1831Ah
add     eax, 56F1CD6Ah
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 67FAB69Fh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 38BE4194h
add     eax, 1D1DCAF3h
sub     eax, 0B9250A03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DE1CC76Eh
add     eax, 1BDA6362h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0A1B23A11h
xor     eax, 2029D104h
xor     eax, 156AACB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 822A7181h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 7BE4967Eh
add     eax, 7443C36Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 76F528DEh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 3FFDF102h
add     eax, 831BBDC1h
xor     eax, 0B6F6FCC4h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 5124F13Eh
sub     eax, 5514E203h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8C086542h
add     eax, 497898B3h
xor     eax, 8F6F871Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 77F8E447h
add     eax, 8A2FDFFCh
sub     eax, 45469BAEh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 552C09F9h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 41EA0A2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 5E4ADE3Bh
add     eax, 0EC2D7824h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 28C40B4Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 886C9E40h
sub     eax, 0C5C6E88Ch
xor     eax, 0B673A442h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 2522F62Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E456B17Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0EE3CFA1Bh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 453B10AAh
xor     eax, 0AAC3B4CFh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 916D555Ch
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 71145FD2h
add     eax, 789FC091h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8C6543E7h
xor     eax, 0F449F0B9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 5EBCB037h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 69D4A2FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9CBDFD5Eh
sub     eax, 840BEE4Fh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 8545C609h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 20B61087h
add     eax, 0B6F078F1h
add     eax, 0CB23C146h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B6E76674h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E5D54AB8h
xor     eax, 0D1B00128h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 453CC88Eh
sub     eax, 0A7A884F2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BFD6F849h
xor     eax, 7D844089h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 13AA1CA5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CC10CFC2h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E72042E2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C82DB087h
add     eax, 1DC152D3h
sub     eax, 8B21B3BDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FECB9DC9h
xor     eax, 0C388D5FCh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 8252008Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F26E4736h
sub     eax, 831A0C5Dh
sub     eax, 311157D5h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 15C71BCAh
add     eax, 0E5BA9635h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 5FEEE0EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 877C827Fh
xor     eax, 7E09E602h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1192314Bh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3DA5ED78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1598DCFDh
xor     eax, 3273218Eh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0CDEB937Ch
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EA02477Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 94A9A842h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0C52BD036h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0EE9F0A75h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6B8E5305h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 185CE267h
add     eax, 0F03029C9h
add     eax, 56D0C367h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 300C2C6Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 7150F6F9h
add     eax, 0B31A169Ch
sub     eax, 82294923h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A4528714h
xor     eax, 8100FF12h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 3254A844h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0B5A2937Ch
xor     eax, 0D975E4D6h
sub     eax, 71D7674Dh
add     eax, 0CA58C23Ch
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0DB7E523Eh
xor     eax, 0DEDBDA7Bh
xor     eax, 0D9BD2866h
xor     eax, 2E11FA16h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3661DBA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5822B01Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0CCDB76E7h
xor     eax, 21E7D27Eh
sub     eax, 644DD2BAh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 56542106h
add     eax, 0DA2C3728h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 796D0247h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3C9410DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A371A4D7h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 19C19C64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0E4C0B6D0h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C2E27207h
add     eax, 563B8C72h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4715413Fh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F178B9E1h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 5AEB26ADh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0E4B066DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FF482ABDh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 721DBCB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BE4809A2h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D2609C60h
sub     eax, 0E1441DFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0B7F0B9F2h
sub     eax, 0B575B6FBh
add     eax, 0CAE7FCBEh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 90E0FC23h
xor     eax, 3EB66C15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 52D013C1h
add     eax, 18372783h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 138D44FDh
add     eax, 0B9F80685h
sub     eax, 0A5AF7241h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3A8B03ADh
add     eax, 0A5AB5D4Bh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0A889CB89h
add     eax, 0DA07BA48h
sub     eax, 87A45B19h
xor     eax, 7B48BB06h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0D1CAF164h
xor     eax, 250749E8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0DBF807C3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E51AE4F2h
xor     eax, 0C6F9BDA1h
add     eax, 92DB600Ah
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0FE671169h
xor     eax, 0B61882E5h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 97E397FDh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C78450A1h
sub     eax, 364AD436h
sub     eax, 0CF7C2DBEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 745C3CC3h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 437BC4BAh
xor     eax, 0C357DC69h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 85500409h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 85994B37h
add     eax, 8F6BB4DCh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0EFF4D92Fh
add     eax, 76D3693Fh
xor     eax, 0C34DF201h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E3C7AD96h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 2F3B841Ah
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 57D0CC66h
xor     eax, 0A5732259h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5F5F093Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0EF0AF16Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 3C3CA67Dh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 6EDCDF63h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 3763F426h
xor     eax, 88A70739h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0E360A05Dh
sub     eax, 0A1655D15h
sub     eax, 0BBB19D94h
add     eax, 32D11F2Bh
xor     eax, 0FDB3FF6Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0B02E9EC8h
xor     eax, 9CFFF1B7h
sub     eax, 6217E6AEh
xor     eax, 675B891Fh
add     eax, 99D7FE8Dh
sub     eax, 1B59C420h
add     eax, 68FB1982h
add     eax, 8508454Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 692C7C84h
add     eax, 119AD0CFh
add     eax, 56568F71h
add     eax, 66BDB20Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0AD8A56EEh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 99DE8D2Dh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 97AC189Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 2D69FCC1h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BF78BEDDh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0BA3459DBh
sub     eax, 0D1417E05h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 4CD95EE8h
sub     eax, 17CE2855h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5D18FAD4h
add     eax, 0CE56AE22h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9A541B0Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 795730A5h
xor     eax, 385ED3B4h
add     eax, 81382A58h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 7015EE1Ch
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AC9516D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CB36849Fh
xor     eax, 0D2877395h
add     eax, 397B07E0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2869501Bh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 17950592h
add     eax, 0E0AACFF8h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8F3682A8h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 32C79CD5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F1494DC9h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A2A7921Dh
sub     eax, 0B87B57B3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2AECC5A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F9BC2A30h
xor     eax, 0D71395F7h
xor     eax, 0ABF525F1h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 31DF28A8h
add     eax, 3D286871h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0FD3CB93Eh
add     eax, 2E3790F3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 434F24A7h
xor     eax, 89192BD3h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0B2828DE5h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0AF9DCF03h
xor     eax, 0CCB9F342h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 3370C22Ch
xor     eax, 7B82E696h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0E9256743h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2C399B80h
xor     eax, 7B59764Fh
sub     eax, 0C0FB30D5h
xor     eax, 1B533913h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 3A540F24h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0AE343355h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0D5426E51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 0B14BC131h
xor     eax, 5E5A6789h
xor     eax, 0F7871103h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 793FE916h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0BFEF5143h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0DA8C3DE4h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 905122F5h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0BDC1EBB5h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 71BFA63Bh
add     eax, 0DF0C5985h
xor     eax, 8A8D7C36h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FE9470B4h
sub     eax, 8BF40C5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 2320ADE0h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 8109BE5Dh
sub     eax, 6136DCABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1DDBDD1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A8954FEEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5FB19BEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 9FA57CE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 97EC9F8Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 3892097Fh
xor     eax, 0C86E5CAEh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DA64C9DBh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1E06D139h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 94195691h
add     eax, 95485750h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 62B1FB18h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0B4A3075Ch
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AD6FBBE4h
add     eax, 93C41317h
add     eax, 9368D598h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 402D5C94h
add     eax, 0ABD17092h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C07812CAh
sub     eax, 8950B031h
add     eax, 86371297h
sub     eax, 87E9746Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 664A357Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 6C3C742Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 2AEEDA08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2956E5B0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 497B1669h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 925114B0h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 216F68FFh
xor     eax, 152216A2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 25F07FCAh
add     eax, 25696966h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CC8A6D4Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 54676197h
xor     eax, 0FB37933Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0DC0D1CA5h
add     eax, 0CC3BF948h
xor     eax, 6F604EE4h
add     eax, 0CC5ED503h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0B3E7F424h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F83FAD93h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 812B8BE6h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 71C9A7B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B25F4929h
xor     eax, 0F0BBED04h
sub     eax, 911EFAEAh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 0B8184BA8h
xor     eax, 0B8B34854h
add     eax, 45867024h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 502B0670h
sub     eax, 67D64143h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 384CA74Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0B301C91Dh
add     eax, 0E1939A2Dh
add     eax, 0DCC3AD52h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9515B16Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 8DB43FFCh
add     eax, 7E76E112h
add     eax, 0E1A1E38Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 37E79005h
sub     eax, 0EBC3D26Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8AAAF96Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A008CC67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 44728C56h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5AF4086Eh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 3D429332h
add     eax, 70C34048h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 29FBE27Ch
add     eax, 0E6FC4B7Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 70D4F3F7h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7FC4479Ah
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C65A3FE4h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 2136F6D6h
xor     eax, 726F702Ch
xor     eax, 8E97D484h
sub     eax, 0D920E702h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E779AA04h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0C642457Fh
xor     eax, 0B067B9F8h
xor     eax, 0E01AA215h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B9D3304Ch
sub     eax, 2710271Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 745C49D5h
xor     eax, 42B2CAF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0CA4C4F94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A4C8F37Bh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0F7B0107Bh
add     eax, 0A2927DBFh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A31B75A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7A4E83CBh
xor     eax, 28250B57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B13870CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0F7106D25h
sub     eax, 5D2D9CA1h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A0D47B49h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 27F4B5B9h
xor     eax, 0C6C0BAA7h
add     eax, 5DAEF57Fh
add     eax, 3DB7D31Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 1F812F5Eh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 60F0CEF7h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 7CDE2A31h
sub     eax, 94D651AEh
xor     eax, 408F5935h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0B22D885Bh
xor     eax, 54ECE70Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6A51E8E6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1E25F443h
xor     eax, 0DCB2217Ch
add     eax, 0AD278550h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E71BDB87h
add     eax, 4FC735F1h
add     eax, 35F2B851h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0FB389EA2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 62AA87DCh
sub     eax, 8EE16C24h
xor     eax, 0AD9A7820h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 7C573DF9h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D30050B1h
xor     eax, 5D2EBDA0h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0FB300C80h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0C5D71E55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 4086E944h
sub     eax, 775DE9D6h
add     eax, 2B7F072Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4A47373Bh
sub     eax, 51CC38D8h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 474B75A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B3339EA0h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B681A6ADh
sub     eax, 0B5B29C53h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0A5B55CE3h
add     eax, 0F0EDC061h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ABAC8753h
sub     eax, 7B3A06A9h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 45D0E600h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3DD8284Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3CE32E39h
sub     eax, 10A9F9C5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 601EFB50h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0EE736E36h
xor     eax, 37938BADh
xor     eax, 0F24D3D17h
sub     eax, 7F197DFBh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 11CDC70Ch
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 656111AFh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 604776C9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 65BBCD82h
add     eax, 0A64C01B3h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B969DC49h
add     eax, 254D8E88h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0EA3C31F5h
xor     eax, 7A49C662h
sub     eax, 0A52D570Dh
add     eax, 49704EC9h
sub     eax, 0CC38E57Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 15655471h
sub     eax, 721EBD23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C66A44FFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 10CB674Ch
add     eax, 0AE22819Dh
xor     eax, 0E8B80D04h
add     eax, 1E1783E5h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0FD8C5C2Ah
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 9A9F796Dh
add     eax, 1879302Dh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 772F15F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0CE594A42h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 4A6DB5A3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B883D476h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CF7084ABh
sub     eax, 93C57212h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 764AB374h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F0012AEAh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 476BFB35h
add     eax, 98AF4EB6h
add     eax, 26FC4868h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C2BC99EDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 432C523Dh
xor     eax, 7AA3C3FAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3F43B430h
sub     eax, 0F8291925h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 1756A135h
xor     eax, 71F3E25Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 205DECBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 62F54C55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 1B36AEB7h
sub     eax, 39C2AD5Eh
xor     eax, 0E6AD37DFh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0DA475649h
sub     eax, 0B9AABDC4h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5D0908A8h
add     eax, 0D81EAA2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5E4B68CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6E348114h
xor     eax, 0C0529163h
xor     eax, 0C6D3B65Ch
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B744D892h
xor     eax, 0E1C5474Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 918C08D2h
sub     eax, 64466611h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 371DEE1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 42856146h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 88591AC4h
add     eax, 637B2AAEh
add     eax, 0D7BA8C5Ah
xor     eax, 87506CEBh
sub     eax, 0E8C1A0CBh
xor     eax, 3057BC44h
add     eax, 419D5379h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 613EF92Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0B52A4E03h
xor     eax, 49AA6C81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 301B093Dh
add     eax, 86F39DA3h
add     eax, 2EF5C21Fh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4EC32397h
add     eax, 67046420h
xor     eax, 7D35DC9Ah
sub     eax, 32F662CEh
xor     eax, 74E603B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 19458598h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 277974EFh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0A3E6C20Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 5D5D1BA3h
sub     eax, 6DE7839Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 73BF59B9h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 195C5167h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E2353CB3h
not     eax
add     eax, 7DD5618Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C16B5837h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0E433FB6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 983DF00Bh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0CF0AEC16h
sub     eax, 26E37201h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C8959116h
add     eax, 225DC909h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F4F74706h
add     eax, 0B1FA0103h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 9B300DEAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 49D2FC18h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0F416294Ah
add     eax, 5535C011h
sub     eax, 0AE7E8254h
sub     eax, 0A31A0C87h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 1468A524h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 5A5F3C43h
sub     eax, 63A00991h
add     eax, 23B7EBD2h
xor     eax, 0D45DDE1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 856CE8CAh
add     eax, 0CD723A31h
xor     eax, 0FAE57F72h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C95BCA3Bh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1ADC2899h
not     eax
add     eax, 5D1B4B2Eh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0CED33775h
sub     eax, 0D2956EABh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9FEB2D1Eh
xor     eax, 0E0E1EB81h
xor     eax, 85634956h
add     eax, 65F1228Ch
add     eax, 52B04C4Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 8B933374h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0B552A8F9h
sub     eax, 0DD35A4F0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3E27F34Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A6DBA160h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4731F75Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 55641299h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 87F6153Fh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 472C2793h
sub     eax, 28B04091h
sub     eax, 0C3A4A86Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0C392B03Fh
add     eax, 0B7827947h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 17D77A5Dh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0B3765A97h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 11915AD5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5855698Ch
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 20729D6Bh
sub     eax, 0E1C33EB6h
xor     eax, 0B5BDC13Ah
add     eax, 74EDA02Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 932B7A35h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0CB560CACh
xor     eax, 8D18E619h
add     eax, 154E7853h
sub     eax, 0DB0A8305h
xor     eax, 0EB61FF8Ch
add     eax, 0D99281C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 4AAC9000h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F5B8E185h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 9D2C03D9h
sub     eax, 0EE3AF04Bh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C4197133h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EF38FB0Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B59635DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D8AE3C04h
add     eax, 15AC9BD1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A930C030h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0BB75E82Fh
add     eax, 75FF4BEAh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 2A4692FFh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 70C78748h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E8E80B1Dh
sub     eax, 9157F3F4h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0BA86A1C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9119F006h
xor     eax, 0A080D6E2h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0DA1D9F14h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5E075076h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E935C44Dh
add     eax, 3A9BB205h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 66AE10CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 30E4CCB1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0B1086AAAh
add     eax, 39052432h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 158E0F10h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 520D61E7h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 80F1D7CAh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0DCC2F55Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B3E30BEBh
add     eax, 0DA65B0AEh
add     eax, 95938778h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 471D186Ah
sub     eax, 0BC1EED1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 82769126h
add     eax, 624C84BFh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 66A60EF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0B8FECBC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C9A9179Ah
add     eax, 0A9A818D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 48BEBB0Bh
add     eax, 0BF2A7A7Ah
add     eax, 873EDFBFh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0D9829EADh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 116591E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C3262CDDh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 24FA8EE7h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 6BBCFD97h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0C6FFAB97h
add     eax, 0F08E566Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0C67C12D6h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 83C93BA1h
xor     eax, 4CD5A19Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 31BD4940h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B94F0E81h
add     eax, 4187D731h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 431817E6h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0AE9B5C31h
add     eax, 36A5A857h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 891AB332h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0EF9B5375h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 99CA3E63h
add     eax, 0C670BC7Ch
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0BF48E90Fh
sub     eax, 3CB13F49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 38B1A6B6h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0ED90F38Eh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0E41B55DBh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 47B62274h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E0431C8Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5A8FE2B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6B84EA97h
add     eax, 3B104621h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 459D79B7h
add     eax, 48C479A1h
add     eax, 4D95B5F6h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 924A921Ah
sub     eax, 0EE476823h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0F27748F9h
xor     eax, 3D8F3ABFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 72BB2DD2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 9478B572h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 9C8F4D57h
add     eax, 0D10FB066h
xor     eax, 54C877EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CFB88E88h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0B69DD198h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0F172D1A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 1F686DC9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 97F35DF4h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 3613F309h
not     eax
xor     eax, 87F180A0h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 62BF376Ah
add     eax, 66776857h
add     eax, 0F8EE7D4Ah
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 91A997ADh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FDA3254Ch
sub     eax, 0F62776A0h
sub     eax, 0EEBD47C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 7E0CF92Fh
sub     eax, 0F5B1F7D0h
sub     eax, 0DD7D0BECh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DD803601h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0B93739A7h
sub     eax, 40A0E664h
sub     eax, 8AD78C27h
xor     eax, 649AB364h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 88CF6442h
sub     eax, 2462682Bh
add     eax, 0DBBFDA01h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CE5E923Eh
sub     eax, 6804E0F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1E64C65Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 87A6FF39h
xor     eax, 3CBFC756h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 41544C5Dh
xor     eax, 186F4B80h
xor     eax, 5BC6543Ah
sub     eax, 839BF948h
add     eax, 6B80926Ah
sub     eax, 3A184CBCh
sub     eax, 36C2EB43h
sub     eax, 5FAA4876h
add     eax, 40024312h
xor     eax, 35131A09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DB6838A0h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 583A00C1h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 82F24679h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 393C8846h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C6DAEE96h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0F4A81AB9h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 1EA68F79h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD8B1BC3h
add     eax, 60AB7F73h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0D4AC292Ah
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CA178E86h
sub     eax, 9516C43Ah
add     eax, 0FBB36050h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0FBD7E147h
xor     eax, 0E9E1F8F1h
add     eax, 0B2189E03h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 584A0827h
add     eax, 0E7EDF23Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 94D4B219h
xor     eax, 141A20ABh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E2B25E83h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0A40E8EBAh
xor     eax, 8547875Ah
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0ACA7E442h
sub     eax, 57E81D53h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0D7B193D2h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 570D54E0h
add     eax, 5FD83FC1h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0B91C59D5h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 1517EF90h
add     eax, 7DCF7535h
xor     eax, 35FD2CF5h
add     eax, 0A56BBC67h
xor     eax, 0A0FE27B0h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BE75231Fh
add     eax, 8A6E3813h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 3022AC2Fh
sub     eax, 4AEABC9Eh
sub     eax, 2C2E701Ch
xor     eax, 0A536D970h
xor     eax, 26A63824h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0B7DCC7F6h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3B1BD642h
sub     eax, 0E69EE484h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C8A95F26h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 55D58835h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0C91CA4AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C62A5DE6h
add     eax, 2D935CC7h
add     eax, 555CF0DCh
xor     eax, 510230D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 6B5CCEB5h
xor     eax, 0F87DC38Eh
xor     eax, 99659A07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5F73A543h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0B706391Eh
xor     eax, 0E3DBCA38h
xor     eax, 3649A047h
sub     eax, 3D092090h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F488B732h
sub     eax, 63F564ACh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 1951FFE0h
xor     eax, 0D09E3976h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EF525C30h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DEB1F93Bh
sub     eax, 0EFA8FF74h
sub     eax, 0FBD13491h
add     eax, 651C57C3h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B8382C04h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 6D8F4796h
add     eax, 7FFD1085h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C753B562h
sub     eax, 610F6B11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0DD86DDD7h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0D18A8CA7h
add     eax, 6D1BE2AEh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0A29C879Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 9B1F88ABh
sub     eax, 1C1576B9h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 565FFA70h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ABCEACF1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 7F6B5E9Eh
add     eax, 83A0099Dh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 1500398Eh
xor     eax, 4D5EA9A8h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0F03504D2h
add     eax, 474D3A5Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EEFA5A9Eh
add     eax, 0DF1E4E1Fh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0C3FEAA5Eh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 2A22258Ah
xor     eax, 1FC4CF03h
add     eax, 0D8E6017Eh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 44D5C70Fh
sub     eax, 2F2DD4D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1073DCBDh
sub     eax, 3509C87Ch
xor     eax, 0EA2BDEE9h
add     eax, 0BA36197Ah
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 790AF62Ch
add     eax, 0BEAC8AE8h
add     eax, 3C39F816h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 10BF2A1Bh
xor     eax, 0B5166DF4h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 81E7E6BAh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 4DB2F959h
xor     eax, 2884D52Fh
xor     eax, 0EEC71AD8h
xor     eax, 8A2FCD09h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 94483AB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0B1135ECEh
sub     eax, 0D79F6C8Ah
xor     eax, 0BB1CF675h
xor     eax, 5E6D2ADAh
sub     eax, 9CF10945h
sub     eax, 0BEC6CF26h
add     eax, 5545464Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C95E1327h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0C6BF0C35h
sub     eax, 9B245D05h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7AD5CE48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E9BA4C44h
xor     eax, 234881C7h
not     eax
add     eax, 14F54737h
sub     eax, 687581D2h
xor     eax, 0CACBC819h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0DD4DAB73h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AE95812Eh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 2E6DFF2Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0AFDFA930h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4F47530Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E03C2BD6h
add     eax, 7216DAABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 103EAB87h
xor     eax, 7C021099h
sub     eax, 0B7F20D60h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 3DBE973Bh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 5F661FA0h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 12C067D5h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 5EE8A84Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0C72FA602h
add     eax, 7AC920E4h
add     eax, 0CC89AF3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0AF863731h
add     eax, 146E2D56h
sub     eax, 6440361Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 92D73CD0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F5B7323Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FE3CF25Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7BE951B7h
xor     eax, 51F9892Fh
add     eax, 7C5E84B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E9BCE44Fh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D4D62AFDh
add     eax, 63E2720Dh
add     eax, 0B5E0F103h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 347C2718h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 9C717C0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AC480EF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 983B7046h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0C70D4BF1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 3D06490Eh
xor     eax, 69E8D762h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0B74EC809h
xor     eax, 3E5474D9h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1D27D209h
add     eax, 0DBE9FC6Bh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 64182AD7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C99F40ACh
sub     eax, 1CD4B4ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 738FDCB8h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 2F2A951Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 82DBDEADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1C0000CAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EDD4D46Dh
sub     eax, 159C9080h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B2873846h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 3D26F585h
xor     eax, 74553CCDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3A9DDA92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5289C6A9h
add     eax, 7FD89A0Eh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E3B15EE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A6FBFB29h
xor     eax, 0C1859202h
xor     eax, 11539CECh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 61F0A612h
sub     eax, 0E4202EEDh
add     eax, 4D803EDEh
xor     eax, 306F1FDAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 656A9FD0h
add     eax, 0B7574CA7h
add     eax, 2E0BD479h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 53487FDAh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 75BF224Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0CBB06394h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 7DB4F5D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E7A58C47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0A96E258Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 70A29663h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0E26D7CD0h
sub     eax, 78506A99h
xor     eax, 0FCFCAD7Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0CDFFD11Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 2851A142h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0D2B614E6h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0A0162729h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F8B5981Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B40B24ECh
sub     eax, 0BE39161Ch
sub     eax, 2C0A0170h
not     eax
add     eax, 90DA67FDh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 31916816h
add     eax, 33D9442Eh
xor     eax, 2E33736Fh
add     eax, 13F21ACEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 81FCD86Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0C17559ACh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0A46D1D56h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 9E32D596h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 17A7E135h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 656F3A60h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2A76985Ah
add     eax, 51033EAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C1B462FDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5830312Fh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 296641D8h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A2455568h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CDFE7582h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 2DF1E3A3h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0D22F7B42h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E4453AEFh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D43CECB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 49B9BED9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EA836F1Fh
sub     eax, 526A7565h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 50974C12h
xor     eax, 9FA66D70h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 74219F82h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 7676FD5Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 7753B24Eh
add     eax, 8D8EC236h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 778416C9h
add     eax, 0EFA85EB5h
add     eax, 0E48A10D3h
xor     eax, 0BAD40BD8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C28844FEh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 77395551h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 839CE6E1h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 9FFB574Ch
add     eax, 7421C68Ah
sub     eax, 0B6F33D15h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 36987D59h
add     eax, 4C206A0Ah
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 86C8807Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 85DF5918h
sub     eax, 1387230Eh
sub     eax, 9D38CC11h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 26A3D43Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 510B7B99h
add     eax, 68BB6E6Fh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 9A9983FCh
add     eax, 0FAD23A50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0FA19D436h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 287EA9F6h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 575D74F3h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 68C6D4FCh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0E3FC6E6Ch
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0B4631353h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 712143AFh
add     eax, 0D01F27A6h
sub     eax, 0BE64F160h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1153EBEAh
add     eax, 0B198F35Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 11D65EEFh
xor     eax, 5745760Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E63C1ADEh
sub     eax, 0E2A70FC2h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0BF9ACBBAh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 3B30686Dh
sub     eax, 15FB699Dh
xor     eax, 0C2A51615h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 9E8415F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1E33F6DAh
add     eax, 0AABD1A1Ch
sub     eax, 4C2CCF7Ah
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 3C7A3ACFh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 48A0EA1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 4D322D50h
xor     eax, 341376E5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 39846644h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 882CAD89h
not     eax
sub     eax, 62900942h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0F7526A01h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 738A44D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B101AF39h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 578ED958h
sub     eax, 0F8B12EDDh
add     eax, 0A6A1135Bh
sub     eax, 0DA065736h
not     eax
sub     eax, 81E58513h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F1C954DDh
add     eax, 3CADF1F5h
add     eax, 9B87E3A6h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 8625A2B0h
xor     eax, 4191AF37h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 2F0BC501h
xor     eax, 0BEDE0078h
add     eax, 0B46967B8h
add     eax, 68E3813Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5A197B26h
add     eax, 0CC8308DFh
add     eax, 0B46A019Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E84F14EEh
sub     eax, 0B428BE4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 12B4948Dh
add     eax, 0C8E38EC5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 76E0C078h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5CBA39A0h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 960B5FE3h
add     eax, 5DC5B684h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 48D81812h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0A9ADD1D1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FA8E94F1h
add     eax, 43075EF6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 775AF887h
xor     eax, 7FDB59BEh
sub     eax, 0ACB5340Eh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0F091AFE9h
add     eax, 811F6FD5h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7346CC4Eh
xor     eax, 62921C88h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 65537651h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 25EE062Ah
xor     eax, 9F562586h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0C5BCC7A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 15410B72h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0C1619EEEh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 59AFC7F7h
add     eax, 601FA166h
sub     eax, 0FC55DD56h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0CEFE2FD3h
sub     eax, 0BFBE9DE6h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 986619B1h
add     eax, 0D76F7DB6h
xor     eax, 6AD3B045h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0FE597EF7h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 919802C9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0BFF00093h
xor     eax, 0E065323Ah
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 29335F91h
xor     eax, 1E31FCA5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 85BCD604h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0E7769CA9h
sub     eax, 0B7240FCBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 474A0FE5h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 7E6F70C5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 69BEE7E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4B7404A7h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 32447B80h
sub     eax, 0D36A20F7h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0CADEC2BDh
sub     eax, 50888242h
add     eax, 21E2725Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 45F3F47Bh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0E6CD27CEh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0EAF04795h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 979A742Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9DF5E4D9h
xor     eax, 72E36DB5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 4408D332h
sub     eax, 1B18F01Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0EE8B4164h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E21100C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BBF059CCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0B6DA6981h
add     eax, 0F85B2915h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 33AA11A7h
sub     eax, 4C12CFD7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 1F624C22h
add     eax, 930F9E7Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0B892E1DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 61B6DE30h
xor     eax, 14839FACh
xor     eax, 33FAD9E9h
add     eax, 0DAE1B03Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0E2B9E689h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 67E52668h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 754391DAh
add     eax, 0E34E8BC9h
sub     eax, 65B4BA4Dh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 6A09AF2Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 3A58D77Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 47E24DBBh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CB9C5507h
xor     eax, 0B20C577Bh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 3037B9A6h
sub     eax, 13CF262Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9DF38F09h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 6F911122h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0B02E4EAFh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3B1361FBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0CB0079C0h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 7AC4EC3Bh
add     eax, 6649B0B9h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 1CF3AB01h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 35EC92FFh
not     eax
add     eax, 2833D860h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 7781F8BEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EE70EF57h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0B6F17E74h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0BC137461h
sub     eax, 781B7449h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 3F21DA90h
add     eax, 0C39942D8h
sub     eax, 4D257CB3h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0C6843AFEh
sub     eax, 27387151h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0D96C1667h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8C32FF0Fh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 21981D33h
sub     eax, 0BDE88F45h
sub     eax, 681BFCFEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 280C4A15h
xor     eax, 97B246A4h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0F03563F2h
sub     eax, 0A5CFE9DEh
sub     eax, 0FE87DE23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 28A2A4F5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 3DDD0A9Dh
xor     eax, 0E8E08041h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E9E716F9h
sub     eax, 0F19C3F6Bh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 9ED54CEEh
sub     eax, 0FFB37EF0h
xor     eax, 73AB9676h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 52181109h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0FF18CB82h
sub     eax, 0F756E682h
add     eax, 0C7EAD2E7h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 4AEB9BA1h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 2E8D56E3h
sub     eax, 0D58599F3h
sub     eax, 0DB88F33Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 98DBC22Ch
sub     eax, 65BCA513h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 86402652h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A0EB28CCh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CBF9D041h
sub     eax, 0E51AB1DBh
xor     eax, 5817CEB5h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 6636F761h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 58080472h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0F710DBFCh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0B0F8DF2Fh
sub     eax, 15D87077h
xor     eax, 0F2EC04A7h
add     eax, 0AA5576E4h
xor     eax, 8B28BDA4h
sub     eax, 7DC809CBh
add     eax, 0B6B9BD3Ch
xor     eax, 7A1A465Fh
xor     eax, 73F216F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1952EF55h
xor     eax, 0DA0D1D40h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B40AE185h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A83014DCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 52ACB5DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9CD4718Bh
add     eax, 0DC0B31B2h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 6FC5FFABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 4CBA6AD0h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 986691EDh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3DD33399h
xor     eax, 2D73FDA7h
sub     eax, 0EE7F0CD1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F9317E88h
add     eax, 34D55C56h
not     eax
add     eax, 61D8A733h
xor     eax, 6A8FCF5Ch
sub     eax, 9436CB18h
sub     eax, 866744ECh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CF4E5D0Ah
xor     eax, 0AB626AC9h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7436CD6Eh
sub     eax, 1B242533h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0CC49B9CEh
sub     eax, 59C41396h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3076564Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B092C798h
add     eax, 64FD7E53h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 9304837Dh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0C6C38B81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 866090BBh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0C57CA830h
sub     eax, 7FBB96F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8C82CC74h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E3A2374Dh
add     eax, 636BF581h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BD2C2F68h
sub     eax, 0E7380B56h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0FCBC67AFh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 146C1585h
xor     eax, 0ACD67C12h
add     eax, 82788A25h
not     eax
add     eax, 79323554h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5D8C6A50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ECB1C8FCh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1B2C494Dh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8FAB4CAAh
add     eax, 0D25354FDh
xor     eax, 83488634h
sub     eax, 532ACED8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F6D5BEF9h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 9674758Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 4FEA68CDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F74C4603h
add     eax, 912F79E1h
xor     eax, 0B4E7ADD8h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0A8F972F2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 96C34224h
not     eax
xor     eax, 35321DABh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 2468E3F3h
xor     eax, 0BF4F2C63h
add     eax, 319B82A4h
add     eax, 11E923C3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 18E9D9A4h
add     eax, 390A3E87h
sub     eax, 0D114E13Fh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0B8C4EB36h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A940D970h
xor     eax, 539269ADh
add     eax, 448CED94h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9C9435B3h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0DAA91C26h
sub     eax, 7F811DD3h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DC9BC60Ch
add     eax, 0AAFE0791h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0BD4364E7h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F347F28Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 74665338h
sub     eax, 2EF65420h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 1E0C7B73h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4A1AC33Dh
add     eax, 0B7EB5EA4h
xor     eax, 0D705DEFAh
xor     eax, 39CEACD2h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 62C1E258h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0BA8AF56Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 20F74CDBh
sub     eax, 525CAE21h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 83F33FB3h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 59C59C9Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0D70A2BA7h
sub     eax, 0A08E05F7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 46DDA332h
xor     eax, 2739BDA7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0BE460C76h
sub     eax, 0C9BBC828h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A025D8EAh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D4F5A3A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 7EACB941h
add     eax, 667F9CD7h
add     eax, 7AE0E200h
xor     eax, 77E8A6F7h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0E9501706h
xor     eax, 86D66B36h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 43575935h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B6C3DF95h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BE29AC2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ADDE12B7h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 8B37A88Ch
sub     eax, 0B2E3C0DDh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 752E313Dh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 27E381A2h
add     eax, 1C430A50h
sub     eax, 6587D274h
add     eax, 0BEB7D1BAh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C3D4EE10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 93A9F7A5h
add     eax, 1A90080Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F2E21CA7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7661CD88h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 848C369Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 522B70EFh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EC4117E8h
xor     eax, 0FD5A6F82h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 5054DEC6h
add     eax, 0C0BAFB62h
not     eax
sub     eax, 36B73F06h
sub     eax, 9AE684B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 588504EAh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6F28DCF6h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B874ECDFh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 57E4DA67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 21EF5733h
add     eax, 4161AAFFh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 1A631447h
xor     eax, 26D69D63h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 386493BEh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 4ED0E964h
xor     eax, 0B0ED25F6h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 68084AE4h
add     eax, 0CBE6644Eh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 7CADF0A9h
xor     eax, 0CCD146CEh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0DA92ABF0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C4204DA4h
sub     eax, 84B83571h
add     eax, 3BBB56D4h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 116ACECEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ECAB9C26h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CC3D708Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B2D96DC3h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7F7BFE3Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0F4FFDFAFh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 8A0C2E39h
add     eax, 0ECA3634Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 22BBDDD8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D435E2D4h
add     eax, 0E64DF705h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 423EAC9Bh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 94863117h
add     eax, 723D2FDFh
add     eax, 707CE1EBh
sub     eax, 341F3E32h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0F8587A25h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 8C9DE8FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 46714FC9h
sub     eax, 40F3A27Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9B724CC1h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 2C801B96h
add     eax, 756378A2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AF1CEC69h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 781F7CF8h
sub     eax, 59747688h
add     eax, 4DE375D1h
xor     eax, 328AD5D9h
add     eax, 12E0C94Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8E9ED064h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 2DCADE1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 54542499h
sub     eax, 0BBAE9096h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 45DE4531h
xor     eax, 20981842h
add     eax, 0ADDCFC94h
add     eax, 0E1B8BE69h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 9D741015h
add     eax, 0C5FEF0B5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 3DF635ABh
xor     eax, 3D762177h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 118D6CD6h
add     eax, 974C93CEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 39753025h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CDC4488Bh
sub     eax, 7D399247h
xor     eax, 4C0739D4h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 7A3D7B59h
sub     eax, 6D9C06AEh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0A1A2BEC7h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0A41223D6h
add     eax, 0E48E40E2h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 351A8A0Ah
add     eax, 0D310CB04h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F5BCC6CBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 18B6051Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F0BA362Ah
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 8FFEFDC5h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 73308DCAh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0C79A9B0Bh
sub     eax, 0F447454Bh
sub     eax, 0AD71EC5Dh
add     eax, 1094D484h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0CB7D5745h
xor     eax, 3E0F66FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 83B9747Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3AC854C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F1B1BAE7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FCD77934h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 25272310h
add     eax, 5027A3A9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 25D78B49h
sub     eax, 446CB822h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0FCD178B8h
add     eax, 7BACD6F8h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0F59419A8h
add     eax, 0CC92305Eh
sub     eax, 4E44BE10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C393565Fh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 65FD1A45h
add     eax, 0F8671B09h
sub     eax, 27AD4722h
sub     eax, 0C46D6D54h
add     eax, 87556526h
sub     eax, 0A761FCECh
add     eax, 0E262F9FFh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0B62259E8h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0FF6DC0AAh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 34A96CD9h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1D86382Ah
sub     eax, 0E1B9FFA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A3A4A432h
xor     eax, 9A803A77h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 67318189h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0D5170B05h
xor     eax, 0AF850E1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0B0B9B53Ch
sub     eax, 0ED36A332h
sub     eax, 0FAFC41BBh
add     eax, 7E14ABCCh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 74C29C56h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EC8E4927h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 58D470E7h
xor     eax, 1D451CD3h
xor     eax, 1789FF1Eh
sub     eax, 0E79E1CE7h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 8C52D778h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FBD90D31h
add     eax, 0FCE01003h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 520E3C3Fh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AF135E81h
sub     eax, 387971D2h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C9110B0Ah
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0D7493DD0h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 2EDA6797h
add     eax, 957DB397h
add     eax, 52BC9237h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 495FC9FEh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 20431E59h
xor     eax, 0B850C706h
sub     eax, 12924A1Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D006F84Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0BF840DA3h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0FD76FD40h
sub     eax, 63F8F5C3h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 3DB9C9E7h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A9549B13h
xor     eax, 3847CC08h
sub     eax, 62C810C4h
sub     eax, 1AC513C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 94E51DE6h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 90208730h
add     eax, 4CE870D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0B2EFDA35h
sub     eax, 0C292B68Bh
add     eax, 0CDF46AE8h
xor     eax, 3867D615h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 8476B76Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0DDEA561Ch
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6FBECCA2h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 55CED737h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 319440D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8DDD61F8h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 81DEB6EAh
sub     eax, 9F2CE442h
add     eax, 0FDBD4AD1h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0E0EE5010h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 45F698B0h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4CB8151Bh
sub     eax, 44800F02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9AC6C15Bh
add     eax, 2C8235C2h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 1E30BACCh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0CC086005h
add     eax, 9F56E672h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CD3C5919h
sub     eax, 0E6777142h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0B52EAE56h
add     eax, 0C3FD270Eh
sub     eax, 31F425FFh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 327238A2h
add     eax, 106334B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B8D2D225h
sub     eax, 34FB38EAh
xor     eax, 5C76E83Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0A720045Ch
xor     eax, 7F4FD259h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 3E01E7ECh
xor     eax, 767270EBh
xor     eax, 0EEDF0C34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EEE1B8FFh
sub     eax, 76F28C73h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9A32B1CAh
xor     eax, 7CA6B324h
xor     eax, 67D4A13Bh
sub     eax, 9124B010h
xor     eax, 0CA625C94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B4F3979Bh
add     eax, 0CB72BECFh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 442FA5A0h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0A5091DDFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 95B41FFCh
xor     eax, 0D2875CBAh
xor     eax, 0B145383Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F72672DDh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 7CCC2932h
add     eax, 7D92368Ch
sub     eax, 4BB1B026h
add     eax, 5865AFF0h
add     eax, 52AB51E1h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 591766A5h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 610924BCh
add     eax, 508FCF3Dh
xor     eax, 9C259332h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A77231AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 5317A29Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 15763216h
xor     eax, 68577755h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0C255A19Bh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 4CF07C99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A558F237h
add     eax, 95DFA2B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E438A0E4h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FC609BB2h
sub     eax, 0AA57F722h
sub     eax, 7AF5D399h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0E95EED32h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3A612C41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CD45273Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 4CBF0083h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0EF73E8C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1ADCA66Ah
sub     eax, 0ADE81042h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 2F7A0FAFh
add     eax, 6CF38612h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5A7C5467h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 49CCB597h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 35FDD48Eh
sub     eax, 22E3470Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 564AA4C7h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 9F569870h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 9E7385A8h
add     eax, 1FB7FE37h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 1DDD3D32h
xor     eax, 2D3CBBFBh
add     eax, 512DF15Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9F1BE4A8h
xor     eax, 588AB943h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0F68A73D8h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7BE2F601h
xor     eax, 9963AACBh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 38F2AC36h
xor     eax, 0FBD04D77h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 69352C90h
xor     eax, 0B4C77445h
add     eax, 0F1F7ED57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 30932608h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4D2AA6F8h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 2E58A750h
xor     eax, 5C4AF67Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 66AB7C70h
sub     eax, 970D4669h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0FB5232E7h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0ECED4654h
add     eax, 0A30F4327h
sub     eax, 0D4605EE7h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 273B4B39h
add     eax, 1413117Bh
sub     eax, 0EA3EF281h
sub     eax, 28CB2AB8h
sub     eax, 4EE44320h
xor     eax, 587853F0h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 70D680B5h
sub     eax, 4AD5B39Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 244D85DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 70B9D0C0h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0B91DCFA4h
add     eax, 0BCF7DCD9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DDFAB877h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E6DC870Ch
xor     eax, 57308020h
sub     eax, 0B3562CE9h
sub     eax, 26589174h
xor     eax, 0A8087C1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9D02B4EFh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0ECA81DDDh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0DF73D92Eh
add     eax, 6A680BC9h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 514FAA83h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8FE6EE81h
xor     eax, 9F49CD9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 77AA0C26h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 824ACF0Ch
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 285F74BEh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 94796629h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 319BB3ACh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 639A6754h
add     eax, 0F3AA2CE4h
xor     eax, 211CB821h
sub     eax, 0FBB2537Eh
add     eax, 682B92B9h
xor     eax, 0A8A82328h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 74399931h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8751D1F1h
add     eax, 31E8A71Ah
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 6B2E2308h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 5BC10284h
xor     eax, 0C4EF90AEh
sub     eax, 0D70C697Dh
add     eax, 2F5A345Eh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D780617Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6D5F8148h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6F80F3E0h
sub     eax, 90D29E1Fh
sub     eax, 0E4CF242Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 90CBD544h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 47445EBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 183BA359h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 2C3912A3h
not     eax
add     eax, 147D6174h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 4E70D04Fh
xor     eax, 0B14BD23Ch
sub     eax, 1DEECB70h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0DA88FF0Fh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0DFD888E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 76B3C8D0h
sub     eax, 0AD48D9FBh
xor     eax, 90E822F3h
sub     eax, 0ED54F6C7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 64174496h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0A28F9D14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C6FB4667h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B9EE734Bh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 361C3365h
add     eax, 1060640Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D9883780h
add     eax, 0F53CC31Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 28DF9AF8h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0F4659191h
xor     eax, 0B1C5C5EBh
sub     eax, 0EC0F25F7h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0E682BFCDh
add     eax, 0E5A468C0h
xor     eax, 9E7040C1h
sub     eax, 0F19348CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0C40EA2D6h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 11AE838Ah
xor     eax, 0C82C5BDBh
not     eax
add     eax, 29E4E735h
xor     eax, 16F3C709h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 629A68DEh
xor     eax, 2E6D07B0h
add     eax, 3644776Bh
sub     eax, 1F6146BAh
xor     eax, 0B8FBFE7Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B3B934DAh
sub     eax, 1DEDEB63h
add     eax, 87B3634Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 66224CFEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 27ACB22Ch
xor     eax, 2DFF9BABh
not     eax
add     eax, 463452C5h
add     eax, 4679710Dh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 98C80ED5h
add     eax, 33DA53FAh
add     eax, 8C2315DAh
add     eax, 7C740971h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0E48BB431h
add     eax, 0CC5B8D78h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 8DE0BC69h
sub     eax, 6A695BC1h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 36A90371h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 4345ADC6h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0AF71FA4Fh
add     eax, 0AD2497C6h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 2764EE1Fh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6471FFAEh
xor     eax, 508BE0DCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4F22634Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 44968FE0h
add     eax, 0D8D7A3AEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CACAC17Bh
add     eax, 7CBF5AA4h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E0348E4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F36EE8DAh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0D6DEDF1Dh
add     eax, 0A9EB712Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0E40B952Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 88071E56h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1EDD01E9h
add     eax, 389BCAB1h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0F8DEDD12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 23B73503h
xor     eax, 0F079E0CEh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0CF548AD1h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9D8E3C36h
add     eax, 445C9702h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 640639B9h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 650AC279h
add     eax, 52B13C16h
xor     eax, 0E633BC05h
xor     eax, 593F3E02h
add     eax, 208259F9h
add     eax, 875A0728h
xor     eax, 0AB4FFAD0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 2CA6CA9Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7B012C07h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0EC7255D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 38616BF2h
sub     eax, 884D7382h
sub     eax, 0C542A9FEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0BF677096h
sub     eax, 54FD869Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 654B2E07h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6E712FB0h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 9BB9D10Bh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 8950F589h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 4B90A08Dh
add     eax, 0D0111E05h
sub     eax, 0CC3E5383h
add     eax, 2A5716A9h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0BD57D37Dh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 825A13DBh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 9C6B46A9h
sub     eax, 575D45B9h
add     eax, 0FD09E1C5h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 91916794h
add     eax, 8C4F4C72h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0B4E3CB0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0B6432156h
sub     eax, 0AA01D885h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D6E30C50h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0C1E06D44h
sub     eax, 298163AEh
add     eax, 0C3DC9AE8h
xor     eax, 275556EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1B4D8CA4h
xor     eax, 3EBC9DBAh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 71B80866h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 868DF8B9h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 9E59CC90h
sub     eax, 6C2C1938h
sub     eax, 82177156h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 2D096724h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 71CC7558h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F229D861h
xor     eax, 946CF525h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D75CA3AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FDC6CB80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5020ED2Ch
xor     eax, 63DF1B18h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 8D01F052h
add     eax, 0F56E1C79h
xor     eax, 0F4974373h
xor     eax, 4613DD76h
sub     eax, 0E091ED9Bh
add     eax, 381751CFh
sub     eax, 235A3513h
add     eax, 0EC1B1E98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9E5D49E4h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6BFD92B5h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 55F901C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 81B36ED0h
sub     eax, 0ED853DDEh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9D4DDD84h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1C5F6111h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 712BEFA6h
xor     eax, 0C70488F5h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7A512B45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EE494EBDh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CAF98379h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 16674161h
xor     eax, 0DC54D27Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 56F0991Bh
add     eax, 0F1FEB97Dh
add     eax, 270DC8A5h
xor     eax, 4742BEB8h
sub     eax, 0FC0F65D2h
add     eax, 4FA9325Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 3B03DC04h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 57C0D2EFh
xor     eax, 3B5FA42Eh
add     eax, 1C3650B0h
sub     eax, 52E20C19h
add     eax, 677D8B92h
xor     eax, 475808E3h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 92EC512Ah
xor     eax, 26ECFB93h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 5BC4F641h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 658F97E3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 260B2003h
xor     eax, 8AF99A3Fh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 8DB4914Bh
xor     eax, 7D35CAA9h
not     eax
add     eax, 4772971Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 28E99D3Ah
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0E34A4D80h
xor     eax, 4C58E42Ch
sub     eax, 0FE062FF6h
sub     eax, 0A2A7718Eh
sub     eax, 0EE563677h
add     eax, 0DD73A5A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 99358DA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FAA3D92Ch
sub     eax, 46DC2F03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E739B011h
sub     eax, 86AE73A7h
sub     eax, 469D1ED0h
add     eax, 5248A474h
xor     eax, 34FEE6A0h
sub     eax, 0F1BDF8DCh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 91C377D2h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0C6BE6445h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 840055DFh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 9DD37D81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 97F9F197h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0E3840106h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DFAC62DBh
xor     eax, 76991BDEh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CA38B00Ch
add     eax, 20E8215Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A85F8745h
xor     eax, 0AEE0C704h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 767B0C5Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FCE621BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C995CC43h
sub     eax, 56F02648h
sub     eax, 0A73C0C6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0B0B9ACD3h
add     eax, 9C6F8E84h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 28EA929Fh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AB54E824h
sub     eax, 0CC99D0EDh
sub     eax, 80489B02h
add     eax, 0C7DCB378h
add     eax, 31761FCBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2C61334Dh
xor     eax, 714D6C5Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 95E3C9A9h
xor     eax, 0EE6FA3C7h
add     eax, 20E9B5ACh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F08B4A2Dh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0A314F42Bh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A20349F8h
add     eax, 6A07A60Fh
add     eax, 0AF397B6Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A0A0DE28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C3841BBFh
xor     eax, 0C9CCC898h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 8EAECE93h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0FCE5894Eh
add     eax, 80CC9056h
add     eax, 70BC17E7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 98C3C89Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7C6A917Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 82EC2AEAh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 6224002Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 5223F49Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4182A932h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 17A511FEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 22DDA28Ch
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 890249A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 82F4ED07h
add     eax, 50682D58h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FFE41235h
add     eax, 7B3D58F9h
xor     eax, 9E473B5Fh
add     eax, 0EF29A346h
sub     eax, 0B8877E46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 95EDD1E2h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0E02F5812h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C3D779F9h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 27E02B9Ah
add     eax, 242FE978h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0FDABA766h
add     eax, 0CD73746Bh
sub     eax, 0F82DE6EBh
not     eax
add     eax, 8040B9FAh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DBDAD60Ah
sub     eax, 7E6012E3h
add     eax, 2C405283h
add     eax, 31EDA727h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 6132D496h
add     eax, 0DA133DF8h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 14D24C35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D4CFB6D9h
xor     eax, 2A099511h
xor     eax, 4679BB7Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 4200F000h
sub     eax, 700AC679h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0C9080AF6h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 54B85147h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 9EE884ACh
xor     eax, 9E31AB9Ah
xor     eax, 77151C90h
sub     eax, 8EA417A0h
xor     eax, 4E2DD789h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 12252890h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6DC00CA5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 16A14D30h
add     eax, 9E3C9367h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 9425EA4Bh
xor     eax, 7A48815Ah
sub     eax, 908257FFh
xor     eax, 21E3DEEBh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0C60178F9h
xor     eax, 758796B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 32A2ACC1h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 96EB860Ah
sub     eax, 1796A488h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 56DAB522h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EC678D2Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F196A118h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 47E840DAh
sub     eax, 5C32F49Bh
xor     eax, 0ABC935B0h
sub     eax, 76D746A4h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0CEBA58D9h
sub     eax, 0FCF5B944h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DAB0A4D5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9FAE584Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 622C3144h
add     eax, 1185DF93h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 428D3E0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 2F5C2D02h
sub     eax, 7B448887h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 58DCF18Fh
xor     eax, 40681270h
xor     eax, 65C144D7h
add     eax, 0EA4DBC76h
xor     eax, 9BBAE3DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D895B1EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1A7675E0h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 55E8EA04h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9434BB57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B5515318h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 5F5B0A1Fh
add     eax, 720DD324h
add     eax, 0AB241DF8h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0EE73D4DAh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 2C91C434h
xor     eax, 0A8990F06h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0E21C2749h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 871F002Fh
xor     eax, 8D5B8025h
sub     eax, 0E00FB275h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F7BD17AEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 34CA9283h
xor     eax, 0E1D418CAh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 85496C4Ah
add     eax, 92DD449Dh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 124E697Dh
sub     eax, 972894A1h
sub     eax, 993A8C5Ch
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 661C1876h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 9F51286Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 67ECEF94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8E772C1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AB5037EAh
xor     eax, 0B32FB8A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6C057EE9h
sub     eax, 0CB90E4A5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5E8651D8h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 50D627E9h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9E25922Ah
add     eax, 47CDE0E2h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 71CDF5EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0C943F29Ch
xor     eax, 0A270AA6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8F563B69h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 45310739h
xor     eax, 0EF5A7F14h
add     eax, 323780D2h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2A7CCA43h
sub     eax, 0F420923Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0A7978849h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 510C68C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 44B6FBFCh
xor     eax, 0FC8DC8BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 645AEE8Dh
sub     eax, 65AA5A54h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 54815E7Eh
sub     eax, 20C78F82h
sub     eax, 827FD378h
sub     eax, 0D3DEB7BDh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 73C108A1h
xor     eax, 643A3AFEh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4546B13Eh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0C86AA794h
xor     eax, 6F0E3A0Eh
sub     eax, 14CFB6A9h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 7BEB8469h
add     eax, 9FF55324h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 0BC5C96F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0A97D1BB8h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0E0A3DA7Dh
add     eax, 0F5FFA15Fh
sub     eax, 850741C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 450731A5h
sub     eax, 0C087E5AAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 3471B868h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D14D09D3h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B143CB73h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0B6786645h
xor     eax, 0CD0F0A95h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 8FE1400Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 912ED0AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 3AD48BC3h
add     eax, 5A963EEFh
sub     eax, 75D18444h
add     eax, 1AE459F9h
add     eax, 1286512Eh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 3D262833h
not     eax
add     eax, 6D39D1F0h
sub     eax, 0B78B9ED9h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 9B68F931h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 33E23D8Ah
add     eax, 0F3C6D0C9h
add     eax, 775111D2h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 37A42EB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4116D4E8h
sub     eax, 864FD726h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 4697A690h
sub     eax, 7C15056Eh
add     eax, 0E54BCC08h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 50E634E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6299352Dh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 919C4264h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2C8A23E6h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 740A9D2Dh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E0FCAEB4h
add     eax, 349E5AF8h
xor     eax, 0DB07EEDCh
sub     eax, 0EFE164BDh
add     eax, 40406E8Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 8631B190h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 75F6780Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0CD5A6FC7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D30095D4h
add     eax, 0D8FEFC1Ch
sub     eax, 0CA1260A0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B71F44EEh
sub     eax, 4B865043h
add     eax, 0DF81EF41h
not     eax
xor     eax, 12EA2547h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1EBB578Bh
sub     eax, 0FE5ED673h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7B601B3Bh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0D16E005Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 1EA5821Bh
sub     eax, 0ED4E94ECh
add     eax, 1A2A32B8h
xor     eax, 0C3F04B84h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB4CDBEAh
sub     eax, 1AB409FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 36FFEBA0h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0E39E3F0Ch
sub     eax, 38C71CD6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C872E73Ch
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0C9437DB7h
sub     eax, 37B37C4Ch
xor     eax, 3F00FB9Dh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0B717C62Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 968628C5h
xor     eax, 66393685h
sub     eax, 10065B49h
add     eax, 28997A49h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0B8A3B409h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 952E632Ch
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0ECEB3529h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 375D5ADCh
xor     eax, 1DAFDA72h
sub     eax, 72038C5Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C2185E48h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2F959754h
add     eax, 3D9A504Ah
sub     eax, 9E71EC45h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 87EC770Eh
xor     eax, 0AEDA55F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 7D0FF20Fh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 13535F4Ah
add     eax, 9E204A68h
sub     eax, 1C149846h
not     eax
add     eax, 8C5C80F1h
add     eax, 0A33DAE66h
xor     eax, 0F30719E6h
add     eax, 55264896h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 33F28B6Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 1D531CE3h
sub     eax, 740F8854h
add     eax, 0CC0F8894h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9ED4AB33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6081C89Eh
sub     eax, 576742B9h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0D7E13DC5h
sub     eax, 0C5A55642h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8D4EDA3Dh
xor     eax, 0C87B9E49h
add     eax, 67B4F614h
add     eax, 1DBA2767h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 4B1093A2h
add     eax, 0D2DFA6A3h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 2AA307FEh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DA9C3DE3h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7EA41D11h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 4274AB23h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 753C811Fh
add     eax, 758A6ABDh
not     eax
add     eax, 48183E66h
sub     eax, 2C31C00Bh
xor     eax, 61866129h
sub     eax, 6F590DABh
add     eax, 8B69797Fh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 16DAC01Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 96817F75h
xor     eax, 0E0E9ECFEh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4BE30BB7h
add     eax, 2FCCB182h
sub     eax, 0D2C626BDh
add     eax, 0ABFBAE7Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 71382EF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 89375FF0h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 6129FBBCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6FBB32C1h
sub     eax, 0E1C1BAE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 51A524E3h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 96A83E3Bh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 2AEB5DB6h
xor     eax, 3027FAABh
add     eax, 3004AF7Bh
add     eax, 581ACEC3h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 2CB7F21Ch
add     eax, 0EB9EC88Ah
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6F104F8Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6D2CF610h
xor     eax, 402AA58Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 32A41DDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 7934093Bh
xor     eax, 9FE57C25h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 2A63A423h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 796EFBDAh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D3C735A7h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 5E435D8Eh
xor     eax, 0E783B77Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3DCE6A01h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D817532Dh
sub     eax, 3AD0221Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 743980F6h
add     eax, 3E565E1Fh
xor     eax, 0EE3E30C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 2D24D82Bh
add     eax, 29B94A2Eh
xor     eax, 0D3608DA5h
xor     eax, 0ACB460F7h
xor     eax, 1CB8D4B2h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0AEF17B25h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4BE976EFh
add     eax, 0D844343Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0FF2576E5h
sub     eax, 0EB960C5Dh
add     eax, 91928332h
add     eax, 23D5A6A4h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 4FC06A90h
add     eax, 0BDBFA030h
add     eax, 4ECABBB9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0D7574FA2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 804B1F1Ah
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 49F56CF4h
add     eax, 0F91FE683h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D01CFBD8h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA86ADD7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 517B4BDFh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D2D6F4CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 45B2893Dh
sub     eax, 827481B4h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AA4615FDh
add     eax, 0EAAE043Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 989831F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7C742724h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 1DB075B9h
add     eax, 8AD16159h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 4F95C1C0h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 76C4B3BEh
add     eax, 0BCB5D8F3h
add     eax, 1686B589h
sub     eax, 583E594Eh
xor     eax, 58F00753h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0EEC03157h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 4207F7AFh
add     eax, 0DA0EC05Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6870550Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C052701Ch
sub     eax, 7B644957h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 45017837h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 8ED82E65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 8DF23AA1h
sub     eax, 0BA8A1191h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 191E65C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7FE88B69h
add     eax, 296662F8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F12FAE7Eh
add     eax, 0B98F61A0h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0EE32B0C5h
add     eax, 0A7A56955h
sub     eax, 0A3452686h
xor     eax, 1A9D4525h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 455F62C7h
xor     eax, 327DD338h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 64163B61h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 6B98F258h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 9C0CBDECh
not     eax
add     eax, 43171B85h
not     eax
sub     eax, 803E629Bh
sub     eax, 0A6DFC9C4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0D72BFAE0h
add     eax, 0F1B678C1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A71F55D5h
add     eax, 0D277349Ah
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0C6A9C41Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 1B5A284Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0A9F9072Fh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D60DCE2Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 55817F81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 686ACDD8h
add     eax, 7ECA54D1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 475A0402h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0D13C2065h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 71DF4DF0h
xor     eax, 1BA093A9h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0A4529B59h
sub     eax, 0DEA95E31h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BFC64808h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1934650Ch
add     eax, 0DA66DC45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 47E9CF8Dh
xor     eax, 0EFCD70D1h
xor     eax, 0CECB8BEBh
sub     eax, 7EF56010h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8AA64135h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2D964710h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 838E2DC3h
add     eax, 5B75E2B0h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4D220275h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0E69BFCBCh
add     eax, 0AB23B6EEh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 879A573Ch
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 642260C1h
xor     eax, 0D6DFE8E3h
xor     eax, 47C9DE45h
sub     eax, 0D6A204DAh
add     eax, 0D84D83ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 5D90DFA9h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0F046349Bh
add     eax, 1AD83DE1h
xor     eax, 49512040h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DEEF17ABh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6FFCC838h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0AFD1368Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D419621Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0A20D9CDCh
xor     eax, 1D931A93h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 83AE6E9Bh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 8200350Ah
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 9202187Eh
add     eax, 10FE93D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AEB6A44Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 51D6F4CFh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0F1A1A1C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7CD816BEh
sub     eax, 24E30697h
not     eax
xor     eax, 96D83DDFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 8E0500E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0A0269D79h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 953CABB0h
add     eax, 694C4063h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 98608CFCh
xor     eax, 0E5F34ED1h
add     eax, 935AC193h
sub     eax, 46445AECh
xor     eax, 0FDA0FBBEh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 4A15A096h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 69C8F113h
not     eax
add     eax, 98C14A98h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FD97C21Dh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F822EE9Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 2686558Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0FF912BDEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0FD7063FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B96C1A10h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 3617638Bh
xor     eax, 0F9D8858Bh
xor     eax, 0C9A0EB8Fh
add     eax, 0C14F9C09h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 3A5E91B0h
sub     eax, 0B1887DBBh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 5ABD5034h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 2919F7ABh
sub     eax, 1A39CE1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DA7EA7E2h
add     eax, 987C545Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 6E09851Ch
xor     eax, 215DD19Eh
xor     eax, 427F9DFDh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 3457634Ch
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 87808C1Eh
xor     eax, 35B55334h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0B745E2B8h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3C97E389h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 51FF8AF7h
add     eax, 6DA31ED4h
sub     eax, 0C49FD91Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E0FB48E9h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9DC39563h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 201CE303h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0C776914Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 881A7EE8h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 664ACE5Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0A0920702h
add     eax, 2E32B85Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 96B9348Eh
xor     eax, 288F8882h
add     eax, 0AAB8BB83h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0F211526Dh
xor     eax, 0C2E54C10h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 814D05ABh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0EE89086Dh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F9D61420h
xor     eax, 1C80B48Ah
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 39DC8B81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 42952C44h
xor     eax, 86B3A446h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9F1BFA0Bh
xor     eax, 46E4E36Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 2BA63C1Dh
xor     eax, 42B8BE04h
sub     eax, 0F5582F61h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 1DBD326Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF34BF92h
add     eax, 60EE1085h
sub     eax, 5EE30E9Eh
xor     eax, 0D1A66760h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E042BFDCh
sub     eax, 24E52772h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EE5AB16Ah
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 6873513Ch
sub     eax, 74973230h
add     eax, 3E834894h
sub     eax, 96F4DA60h
add     eax, 77A893B6h
add     eax, 3A80A386h
add     eax, 18A4BDC2h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0B13D1AECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 1314E707h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0E884DCA1h
sub     eax, 0B3E843CEh
sub     eax, 0C03CEF29h
add     eax, 0AA052506h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 755A65BCh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0A14DB811h
not     eax
xor     eax, 178869FDh
add     eax, 0C15223E3h
add     eax, 4AF6DFE9h
sub     eax, 478D0C8Fh
sub     eax, 0F01CF507h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D6EFDD04h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 7C2B5A9Ah
xor     eax, 3AE7D8FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AAC525C7h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 61657E18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 105887EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B6EC747Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E2B677F6h
xor     eax, 0E89A1EC1h
xor     eax, 3360B656h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0FEFC0A22h
add     eax, 0AE33A04Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 87B5410Dh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 64C8BBF3h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 6987A680h
sub     eax, 0F1D33753h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 269E01A8h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0D024B910h
xor     eax, 0FC609EDDh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 15DA464Dh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0AFB18585h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6857F957h
sub     eax, 0DFA48EA6h
add     eax, 0CA0D078Ch
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 3BDD8544h
xor     eax, 0F8BF1284h
xor     eax, 0EA378BA1h
xor     eax, 8DC617E9h
sub     eax, 3304B293h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 72CF2898h
xor     eax, 18DC766Eh
add     eax, 75059B25h
sub     eax, 96AE87C5h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0A80356BFh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 5C78E55Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 7CB8EED5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5B43190Ah
sub     eax, 98BCEBBDh
add     eax, 0D824B714h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 96A4F547h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 540F77FAh
sub     eax, 0B848EBBFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C8284FFFh
add     eax, 360229C2h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0D9978957h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 6B0E3780h
sub     eax, 71FB5A65h
add     eax, 2CEC839Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D9F79FBBh
sub     eax, 5496671Dh
xor     eax, 98D5FD81h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 6DF5DED5h
xor     eax, 6D77F97Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2AD6C0BBh
sub     eax, 32E38584h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 81E1B5C4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 15C2A6D6h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0C09E729Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BDB07AD3h
xor     eax, 0DC4BA702h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E4EA6E00h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8EB4CBAEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 8854E6B3h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0EFFAFBCBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 64488CCEh
add     eax, 0D85729F6h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0A40C1BD8h
sub     eax, 0EABC966Dh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0BCFED9A2h
sub     eax, 596E6ECEh
xor     eax, 8555144Fh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0BF44F6AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0A924FDF4h
add     eax, 0EDDF74F1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B2247D23h
sub     eax, 34C30E6Ch
sub     eax, 263AB2BEh
xor     eax, 0EDFB7A52h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 50A227ABh
add     eax, 0A77F2343h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E0B1F4C4h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9D186F8Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 8049B8B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BA128106h
sub     eax, 7DD323D5h
xor     eax, 29C6A8F1h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 73560BB2h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0E053EBC5h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0DA6B824Ah
sub     eax, 0FD460D45h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0F8113F13h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 90E447BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C9EF6C1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0DE272038h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 94EEB59Fh
sub     eax, 0C47E4FBDh
xor     eax, 4B6F3B6Bh
sub     eax, 2E6922EEh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 2B42A89Ah
xor     eax, 0BC3916B5h
sub     eax, 0C82FC23Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 64124E83h
add     eax, 0F39F739Bh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 6E06B17Ch
xor     eax, 8FA400D2h
add     eax, 0A30C2B2Ch
add     eax, 912469F3h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 819B65F8h
xor     eax, 0FDD4A634h
add     eax, 1F313457h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A9A0ABD7h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 574BAEECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0A6D1868Bh
add     eax, 0D85BFA6Dh
xor     eax, 0B188B3A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 55DFA00Dh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0C64FA20Ah
xor     eax, 153B2B82h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A7D510F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 2A8A578Ah
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0CF05D5E2h
sub     eax, 0FCB67DCCh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 213D0B66h
add     eax, 0C02BAA72h
add     eax, 469B3311h
sub     eax, 0BA2DEF0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 9E546619h
xor     eax, 4D07AAC7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 1BB19DBCh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DDE2E734h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 12823EA6h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 38716458h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0D377910Dh
sub     eax, 0C938122Fh
xor     eax, 9EF436CAh
xor     eax, 0F6EFBC01h
add     eax, 1F5C69A4h
sub     eax, 8A9E3DA0h
add     eax, 0FF0F295Bh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 144FBAD0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0DD21B535h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 5BF24199h
sub     eax, 0B565C5CCh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 38547D86h
add     eax, 4A776A3Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AAD94D73h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 7C08A438h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0C42A102Dh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 635002E0h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 72FD7CF7h
sub     eax, 587AF7B2h
xor     eax, 87982A8Fh
sub     eax, 0A4407402h
sub     eax, 9B7161C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4B7DBEE1h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0AC9252BFh
add     eax, 608EC244h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A64DEAA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 7164061Fh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0A8E075CEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3316139Bh
add     eax, 268C78EAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 907CAD2Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 8AD4FA8Ah
xor     eax, 83DB7A0Ah
add     eax, 908FDCE5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D70ECBD4h
xor     eax, 0C61771BFh
sub     eax, 885D541Fh
sub     eax, 0D3EDEF06h
add     eax, 964AE219h
sub     eax, 1106337Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0E0D96D1Dh
add     eax, 20DAFA7Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0F0AC5A38h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0B950B27Ah
sub     eax, 7ADFCB9Dh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 49C282FBh
add     eax, 0FFB559C1h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F7481A62h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 2BAC0B5Bh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0FB9F109Ch
xor     eax, 922A6E91h
add     eax, 3ED1499Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 1F0C136Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 7AAD002Eh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 469ECA4Bh
add     eax, 0A4C19ED0h
sub     eax, 0FC1EC475h
sub     eax, 6D15FBBAh
sub     eax, 34E91792h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EA8853D8h
sub     eax, 3DC071B8h
sub     eax, 2368FA21h
sub     eax, 804862A3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 351B7C43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0B322C0DCh
sub     eax, 0FAC6467Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FF825AEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3C3D3056h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6F1FE810h
not     eax
add     eax, 61CE08C9h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0DBFE33FBh
add     eax, 0A4EA6F93h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0B32747BDh
sub     eax, 0FB81BCCCh
xor     eax, 0BD924414h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 393DFD61h
sub     eax, 0C60D2E4Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 2BCFEA55h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 72E04375h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A196B5B1h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 13913102h
not     eax
xor     eax, 79B7E5ACh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E33BF444h
add     eax, 0E15B0838h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 121E841Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 88D36275h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 23CB4832h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 6622EEE0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ACFDA777h
sub     eax, 1F334F77h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 9B813131h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0E69D253Ah
add     eax, 0AA1D3958h
xor     eax, 43C42BB8h
sub     eax, 0CC32C7F8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 8EAD537Ch
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0A56CCAE6h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 8A7E0795h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 28A35CC7h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 68F7BCDFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3B3DF7C2h
sub     eax, 9D0472E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6BBC4904h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 21E29B79h
add     eax, 8B034971h
add     eax, 78BBDB1Ah
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3F42A53Bh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 1F55321Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FC55F847h
not     eax
sub     eax, 861FFE30h
xor     eax, 0BEDB9A13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 8FDAE646h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 218024F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AE4E05FBh
xor     eax, 201AD9AFh
add     eax, 6B71E6BEh
add     eax, 2D3B080Eh
sub     eax, 5DF35A94h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 81575952h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4606D0C3h
xor     eax, 46DEE4D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1967AE31h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0DD48DACBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8F81594Dh
add     eax, 4165AB7Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C4AF0826h
sub     eax, 0C103DFEEh
sub     eax, 4BBCA5F1h
sub     eax, 8E2C3372h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 97F49A88h
sub     eax, 0A6DB082Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C3C44B1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BDE17C0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1A67BDAFh
sub     eax, 8E2DBA99h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 37A77DFFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6D920E09h
add     eax, 0B1D7D263h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 7B4F6DF9h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 80737764h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 59FC8DD8h
add     eax, 7039E689h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0D1BF649Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 2F8D020Eh
add     eax, 7753489Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 7B88ED94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CA6D7E6Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 71274AD8h
add     eax, 75E004C9h
sub     eax, 0D39AD65Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7B702B27h
add     eax, 0D27B52D8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E1395E27h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 742C9FABh
sub     eax, 0E797B477h
add     eax, 262D2E89h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C03CA67Eh
sub     eax, 0D7FD6411h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0F87C498Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 229BE800h
add     eax, 0E8715429h
add     eax, 0AF1581F8h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 48A9E383h
add     eax, 0AAFAC65Bh
add     eax, 0D1EAACC4h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A046D2D0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E1EF2530h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 37BD3B60h
add     eax, 0BE10DFC6h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FD06E910h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 3E396E9Ch
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6ED12293h
sub     eax, 24B7E582h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E4597EBh
not     eax
add     eax, 80C979AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C372B739h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 9FE941E2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A97CE738h
sub     eax, 6B7F732Ch
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 15B2F235h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0EECE91B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8DA0E807h
add     eax, 1850A495h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CCE76791h
add     eax, 34578A00h
xor     eax, 5434FC2Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 7A362213h
add     eax, 47E18CEAh
sub     eax, 48031E57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DF8F4DB7h
sub     eax, 1AAB4713h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 104F4526h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 23D4F8E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 9CCC61DBh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0E439D4C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6C8C107Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0C16AFF74h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 4ABBFC08h
xor     eax, 5E988B77h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C1F134FDh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 914FD0FCh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 10F19F7Bh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0C8BC025Ah
sub     eax, 0E0D01DC3h
xor     eax, 0C10FD683h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 940B72EDh
sub     eax, 353B5342h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 5C19D789h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 4F79A584h
sub     eax, 49CB183Dh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A830A62Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 6CE5F669h
sub     eax, 5DE8BA03h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A7CBA73h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 22B46A20h
add     eax, 3749A94Bh
add     eax, 1B508EEAh
add     eax, 5BECDB7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ADA4153Eh
sub     eax, 0E588C4D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8143EBAAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3DEF13E4h
sub     eax, 9F8FE901h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 95E836D2h
add     eax, 3BD3AC69h
sub     eax, 4E962A4Ah
add     eax, 153C5906h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3BCD16B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A6E8B27Ah
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 43FD692Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0AD0541A0h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 5A83B8FCh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BF71C1C9h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F61BE2D9h
xor     eax, 378FA54Ah
xor     eax, 0FB4E6B53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9E049455h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0C2881AF9h
xor     eax, 0A5657851h
add     eax, 8356B5D0h
add     eax, 0CD74991Ch
add     eax, 0FBB9FA12h
not     eax
add     eax, 392FD3CDh
xor     eax, 319E43A7h
sub     eax, 850DEF43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 815757D6h
sub     eax, 0F7A4A8AFh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 72F6A585h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C42EBD0Eh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 233D2A44h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F0D37780h
add     eax, 42773D6Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A90F9C1Dh
xor     eax, 0E2DF1794h
xor     eax, 0EBF15BE7h
sub     eax, 0EE2C1597h
add     eax, 0AA463691h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9410A095h
xor     eax, 1D43D6F2h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C75B2B96h
sub     eax, 0BA5EF258h
xor     eax, 3C902FF1h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 3B56BC93h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1AE43F88h
sub     eax, 0DF98B571h
add     eax, 451142ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 953C565Ah
add     eax, 3FD0277Bh
add     eax, 0C82DBA93h
add     eax, 90B2B36Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0EA4640F7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BD8E5CBFh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0C8529D8Bh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 66303DA0h
sub     eax, 0DD962BFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3278C41Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 3E1851B1h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 43C74547h
sub     eax, 0D586AF76h
sub     eax, 6986C50Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 62C15436h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0A0F79C5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 74449FDFh
add     eax, 38831F18h
xor     eax, 1BCE3F05h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0E0398DEEh
xor     eax, 93298481h
add     eax, 0E5A34D60h
xor     eax, 0CB85B699h
add     eax, 0E2BAA16Dh
add     eax, 0B691A230h
xor     eax, 747F8816h
xor     eax, 5C70940Bh
sub     eax, 8E370842h
add     eax, 2AEDF611h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B1625F34h
sub     eax, 161413BBh
xor     eax, 0C11EE738h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 725336EBh
xor     eax, 0ED7CBD0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0DD3A92A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 7715CCE6h
sub     eax, 737C2146h
not     eax
add     eax, 2843AF06h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0AF1F2238h
sub     eax, 953C5BA4h
not     eax
add     eax, 2A04A1C9h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0BB35B6ECh
sub     eax, 85DC2BACh
xor     eax, 3AB3B885h
add     eax, 677181C8h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 9B2F7DE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7A977554h
not     eax
sub     eax, 984A23DCh
sub     eax, 68B1D217h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0A0DA91B1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A3C1F612h
add     eax, 3407C63Bh
sub     eax, 0D67922B2h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0D0008982h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 4E2903B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 33C28AB9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DFD892BFh
sub     eax, 22109726h
xor     eax, 11967491h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 2F756DDEh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 6A6474B4h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 397F9B2Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F568C9B3h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B7168CCBh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0C6AD5A1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 750D98F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 8148E71Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 6E3CA407h
sub     eax, 1CF9D05Ch
xor     eax, 8DC72D6Ah
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0B8CE222Bh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0A0BAE4A1h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 742F9C24h
add     eax, 78143410h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 2E1DE459h
add     eax, 9B0CEB5Bh
sub     eax, 0C7FAF445h
sub     eax, 64966092h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2BA1D054h
not     eax
xor     eax, 733FA8F8h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0ADB54A31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6E044E72h
add     eax, 47B24ED5h
add     eax, 0FED349F6h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0CE0C0B86h
xor     eax, 0ABD9E9FFh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 10DC76A5h
xor     eax, 0BE569208h
add     eax, 29302BA4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E4EDCBA4h
xor     eax, 8CA14A51h
sub     eax, 7C883771h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6376E7E1h
add     eax, 857C97D7h
xor     eax, 0B8D39402h
sub     eax, 70875B07h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 3D46BAD0h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 3B8B14CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9DEF57B6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 292FB75Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 71ECD8F1h
sub     eax, 7133882Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DAF311DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A406A8DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D70AA6C3h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EE20109Eh
sub     eax, 74024E1Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 73BE4FDCh
xor     eax, 0EE87569Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 5EFB9458h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0A9233BACh
not     eax
add     eax, 4C5400C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0DB6F60BEh
add     eax, 74B99B69h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0E4743CB6h
sub     eax, 131607EFh
add     eax, 2B553606h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 25650730h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 2BE2DB98h
add     eax, 58ADD6B1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FD410E62h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 3FCA7E6Ah
add     eax, 0C57F1995h
sub     eax, 0AD28C7DBh
add     eax, 0EC5AF55Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 8CCF6B4Fh
xor     eax, 29264ACAh
add     eax, 86173F6Ch
xor     eax, 0C8BF38AAh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 9EB04F3Fh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 9F18F456h
add     eax, 5CE27703h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0CDE782BBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5F93F0F2h
add     eax, 0EFFB0B6Fh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 51B876A0h
xor     eax, 1BFD05D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0BDA7EE36h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0E801A540h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 369FAC7Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 5EE7A6BCh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3E365CBBh
add     eax, 8EBE8207h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E9E8D367h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 41A8E57Ah
add     eax, 0FF4A062Ch
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F8AA5388h
sub     eax, 52609654h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0D84219EAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8603F5A9h
xor     eax, 2171CF6Bh
xor     eax, 1E6C63E5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F4A10827h
xor     eax, 1C263CDBh
add     eax, 65BC3F15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3F8BEF51h
xor     eax, 0EDAF45EDh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0D53352B5h
sub     eax, 0D3532CC0h
sub     eax, 1A1B4932h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D9C9D690h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 5008E924h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F512ACE1h
add     eax, 0B7DB4C44h
add     eax, 178C63AFh
add     eax, 0A3DC211Bh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0EC398188h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 374035D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 295B9EC9h
add     eax, 0EFE3CF67h
add     eax, 4AD61AB0h
xor     eax, 0F0E4B36Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BD6541B9h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0B0D9A1E0h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A3F4315Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C26CBB45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 6A42CD9Eh
add     eax, 0C6B5AD26h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 37BE0685h
sub     eax, 0CDCEA404h
sub     eax, 0ED4F1C1Dh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 27D0F309h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 3C5E8640h
add     eax, 0B237EF8Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 5BA6B49Eh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0D8607A97h
xor     eax, 0A4F96EFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 77360097h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 9EEE87EEh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0F366E9CCh
sub     eax, 0E190E5E6h
xor     eax, 0F12BDE22h
add     eax, 1D3B00FCh
sub     eax, 8639DA53h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 8FFE4209h
sub     eax, 0FBF1B6EDh
add     eax, 92216955h
add     eax, 0F6292821h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0A7D6CCA6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B387E4A0h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 20DF9F4Dh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 58B33298h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 391FF2BEh
xor     eax, 314040B8h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 65ED7DB0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C0C0980Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 117134F3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5A35AE8Bh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 416FB364h
xor     eax, 5D3B3647h
add     eax, 17A144F1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 8B84D406h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B934C9D2h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AB4D9D45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5D908DC2h
xor     eax, 0F6FF640Bh
add     eax, 0A75AD31Ah
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 768FD2D5h
xor     eax, 0A932FF08h
sub     eax, 0EC678C86h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0C0EFC5F6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1CACC1A9h
not     eax
add     eax, 37B65DFEh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0B625EE71h
sub     eax, 0B1471977h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0E0F52003h
xor     eax, 2E01FDAEh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E57B9034h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E96D823Eh
xor     eax, 0BBB89CD6h
add     eax, 35CC6DC3h
xor     eax, 1905740Eh
xor     eax, 7FC36C58h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 46BDCCA7h
not     eax
add     eax, 8E8E32FBh
add     eax, 9548046Bh
add     eax, 0D1EDA275h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 38EC07BFh
add     eax, 0A586312Dh
add     eax, 0AA9CBABEh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0A059B0DBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6EBE1E22h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 59A136AEh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 179F79A9h
xor     eax, 29AC4810h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0E001CD59h
sub     eax, 0DDDB1AC9h
xor     eax, 0FB66C9C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D5609E83h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 312DD13Dh
add     eax, 0CDECCFCDh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 6AE3EBD3h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2D491D35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5598A4A4h
sub     eax, 15675F32h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 6A783B45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 69154785h
add     eax, 0A9D24E67h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B14C727Fh
sub     eax, 0FD9EFDBEh
sub     eax, 379D89B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 288E65E8h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 967737ACh
add     eax, 1E43DEE7h
sub     eax, 43E776D9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0A36C7131h
xor     eax, 0EBE66626h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 87C53F15h
xor     eax, 2766D37Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5CD2258Bh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0E7F47F63h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 48131EF5h
xor     eax, 3F9EE5AFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9EF65203h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9086C627h
add     eax, 676DD9E3h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0AA30BACAh
add     eax, 0C1DC4CF8h
not     eax
add     eax, 7C0B197Dh
add     eax, 61CAA6DDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 433A3228h
sub     eax, 1D98711Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9FC69D18h
add     eax, 775332D6h
xor     eax, 99A5CF5Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 23FA0B1Bh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 463FCFA5h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 527FBBECh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0CD05C176h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 2184F668h
add     eax, 31AB76A0h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 607DC539h
sub     eax, 8E866ACAh
sub     eax, 0A6E6C2FBh
xor     eax, 0A0A8AD44h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8AB25BD1h
sub     eax, 3B2BB62Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EE0E4D8Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D61EBC18h
add     eax, 6E4467B8h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0EC4438B7h
sub     eax, 302B7B58h
sub     eax, 2E1AD4D1h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 24D348E0h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D9EF0601h
xor     eax, 0BA764532h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8CD365FEh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 6EC84E50h
sub     eax, 0A79C86A9h
xor     eax, 0DD213E0Fh
add     eax, 0BEFEC288h
sub     eax, 8920A84Dh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0E9F9DBAEh
sub     eax, 53AF5D20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CA343F1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 64B3CDA9h
add     eax, 0D4BC0682h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3080553Eh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 90738991h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 3AC6FC13h
xor     eax, 8E9F8802h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 376DCE7Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0E64178B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7AD36683h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 626CFCB7h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 30644C71h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0E9EBA15Eh
xor     eax, 82662F1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 94354923h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D3827C4Fh
sub     eax, 7911D826h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0D0DE7687h
add     eax, 4ABB1967h
xor     eax, 390B7728h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 24CBF95Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 3644680Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 51C75B1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D354C7E9h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 3931430Dh
add     eax, 8B35B59Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 12B4C5E6h
xor     eax, 0F429FAF1h
sub     eax, 9F248A7Fh
add     eax, 64334FD4h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 72768B12h
sub     eax, 41918DA4h
sub     eax, 22A4929Bh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 10A4D124h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0F0D87C4Fh
add     eax, 0E30E15BCh
xor     eax, 0CB64EED3h
add     eax, 4763AC84h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 7B40A861h
add     eax, 32408AF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 49A57E94h
xor     eax, 0F261F040h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1AF81C80h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F26EA851h
xor     eax, 0C6013898h
add     eax, 6E91E94Bh
xor     eax, 96FC2362h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0BA29B82Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6D3C7B37h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0FD6572CDh
xor     eax, 51F11EBEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 90FD77D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0EA7B6DBEh
sub     eax, 73C92D81h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 91EBB1A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 93A9E515h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 922F5B80h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 624DDDD5h
xor     eax, 90B08F24h
add     eax, 7442849Bh
xor     eax, 1CC57DBDh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0C766924Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D9B3AC2Fh
xor     eax, 63F78C4Ah
sub     eax, 0F5D6C8F5h
add     eax, 48B75D00h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 5F6BC761h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 35D6FDCAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 55BA1756h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9F0B0340h
add     eax, 3D12C538h
not     eax
sub     eax, 29B7F75Eh
add     eax, 0ACFD7DB4h
xor     eax, 0A5E426A3h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 213B681Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 318510DDh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 64936444h
add     eax, 31E84ECFh
xor     eax, 7CDD766Ch
xor     eax, 90AD250Eh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 81CD03A6h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 3290C3ACh
not     eax
sub     eax, 45D7C45Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0B4C9DA33h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0B5E3BCB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EAF6AEEBh
add     eax, 118FFB57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 72951C0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0D7FB2A42h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 94168361h
add     eax, 0B845CE70h
add     eax, 3E4C3F4Ah
xor     eax, 22522347h
sub     eax, 0DB4BD861h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C1A52A46h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5BEF3658h
sub     eax, 7017759Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 8ABC7305h
sub     eax, 0DAAD4796h
add     eax, 7B1C385Eh
add     eax, 9B9B3942h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 32492651h
xor     eax, 1790F2A2h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0AA5D3CBAh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 10BF33CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C4F72BD9h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 64A8691Ah
add     eax, 7D28CB08h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 258AC493h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BEDEB241h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2B8920B9h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0F7FACC86h
add     eax, 7355CAA9h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0B709FC0Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 9D602352h
xor     eax, 45B2EEF6h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B6EFB9DFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2085FE8Ah
sub     eax, 489C6253h
sub     eax, 0C5964D67h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 40504298h
sub     eax, 9606E767h
sub     eax, 24697281h
xor     eax, 551BD0A8h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 96F40FCAh
sub     eax, 9A581B78h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 33F087F1h
xor     eax, 0B1DE69EBh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0E9C3D2A5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 230C8EF5h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 126CBBB2h
sub     eax, 56001E8Dh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0FCA46FE9h
sub     eax, 195A01BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ED58EEC5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0EA5C0DA7h
add     eax, 1F982FB9h
xor     eax, 0DC48AA65h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F90D0308h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B156EDE2h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0BDB71400h
sub     eax, 15324779h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 9D3139D1h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 1412A5E5h
add     eax, 0B8ECD42Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 5FF8B3F0h
xor     eax, 0DF8EFD33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D5F7D44Eh
add     eax, 0C971D0CEh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0A2D2B218h
sub     eax, 0E2DE8911h
xor     eax, 49DCE7E0h
add     eax, 2842D01Ch
sub     eax, 8DB8D3E6h
sub     eax, 8CCC691Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A63A0B9Bh
sub     eax, 685BB72Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6068E6A0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9A642A1Fh
xor     eax, 2ABAE6C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AB34E294h
add     eax, 2EE5B267h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 4FEF979Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FA350B5Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8CE4DEE5h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D49C7C48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EF7163A3h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0BC2F1E33h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1FFD9CBFh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1AFDBAD3h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0F1F80C84h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7BFDFC2Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0AC7CCCE4h
xor     eax, 0E4A26E79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CD82A760h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0F6948C72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0E6835E79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 61F843A5h
xor     eax, 9972B03Bh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 1C61935Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4D80DA4Ch
xor     eax, 87C68E1Ch
sub     eax, 7A33C69Eh
add     eax, 0E82DD808h
xor     eax, 0CA2A463Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CBC0D3B8h
add     eax, 7F2B057Ch
add     eax, 0D9CDC5C6h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A9E33E37h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E8F5C857h
add     eax, 3D46E23Ah
sub     eax, 0A25F95E9h
xor     eax, 436BA53Fh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 3814782Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 73647C78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FC8456EAh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B0106B7Ah
sub     eax, 5D446418h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 77ADE51Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 70B4A54Bh
xor     eax, 0C83A4616h
xor     eax, 929F45EBh
sub     eax, 0E429A6CDh
sub     eax, 0A73DD09Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 4A085F72h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 4B8291D9h
xor     eax, 9BF25081h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0CEE5A140h
xor     eax, 0EADDD254h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FA334D17h
sub     eax, 283ACE4Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 11D9A59Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0BADF6718h
add     eax, 0C3996832h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 958F1F46h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 36E24057h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2608EACBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 916C2EEAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A54F31AAh
xor     eax, 82702562h
add     eax, 6B45D7DBh
not     eax
add     eax, 2E32EAA0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 79F871F5h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 807C2981h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BA535303h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 73AFAA70h
sub     eax, 7C549E27h
xor     eax, 614E6472h
add     eax, 0DCE220BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 0AE045BA8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3535EF1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0F84F19CEh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A5057D45h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 90C436A5h
add     eax, 0B0905D6Fh
sub     eax, 0DEBEA137h
add     eax, 0B9E8C82Fh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 77E11713h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 33C08BF9h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0C8082DF9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D4C48DF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BD6597D3h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 56EB57A4h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 4F7AA785h
add     eax, 0ACF26E0Ch
add     eax, 0D882410Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B4E53AA3h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 2411030Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CB663851h
sub     eax, 0CBFB11A6h
sub     eax, 673C0749h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7D49109Eh
xor     eax, 564BEAA5h
sub     eax, 98F7D308h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 69354684h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3299D1C9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 669E570Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 914E8BC0h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 5922FBA1h
add     eax, 0BF6E0520h
add     eax, 39776DC0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0A375BC5Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 27902FCBh
xor     eax, 35F76F06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D044B7A0h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 68BD40FFh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0F0D7739Eh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0F76EDE3Ch
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 37719BFEh
sub     eax, 5A738574h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A896524Fh
xor     eax, 824AC238h
sub     eax, 0A7BDCB91h
sub     eax, 0E8FE1EBFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 267CAC63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7572E3ECh
sub     eax, 0AB5FB874h
add     eax, 0E2C8FADBh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4518B063h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0D508A3A6h
xor     eax, 2B578ED0h
xor     eax, 0BEAD1CC5h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 7C7F7FDFh
add     eax, 7787D24Ah
sub     eax, 47285874h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 67B04205h
not     eax
add     eax, 28EC354Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 60A90313h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 39197F3Dh
add     eax, 599AC919h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 73B8C8AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 65902AF8h
xor     eax, 0FA558876h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0F914E59Fh
xor     eax, 0BA11F67Bh
sub     eax, 5D6F3D75h
add     eax, 9908E050h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 71E8CEBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4F86AAC1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0CE7EF4A8h
add     eax, 124D0088h
not     eax
add     eax, 2AC3912Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 7A9AE8D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 235D4C7Dh
sub     eax, 2EB9A6EDh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 9304BCDFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 820AAA88h
xor     eax, 0B5D2EA84h
sub     eax, 0DDCD11E7h
xor     eax, 70E11684h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AE4E304Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 335794B5h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 6D639747h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C592FCDDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0E4848FD6h
xor     eax, 0AA9B3BB9h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0A1075A67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 657ECD49h
xor     eax, 2E3B4A93h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4C56B5CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 8006E387h
xor     eax, 0E399CB99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CAB095FAh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 8195699Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 70A56517h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 51368553h
xor     eax, 2688BBD9h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9BD6B900h
add     eax, 7E796AC4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 3E164376h
xor     eax, 640098A4h
add     eax, 13FCF28Dh
add     eax, 0A0D302D7h
xor     eax, 5D77796Dh
xor     eax, 6A2386DFh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 278C9C8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C48400F3h
sub     eax, 8C648BDAh
xor     eax, 0C7931826h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9012DD3Bh
xor     eax, 0AD86D619h
sub     eax, 0B05BAD49h
sub     eax, 58A6B21Ah
add     eax, 0E1F2E915h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3D69DF79h
not     eax
xor     eax, 67A29CCFh
not     eax
add     eax, 559E37D2h
sub     eax, 0D55E6E55h
xor     eax, 32AEF349h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F1164E06h
xor     eax, 3CDBBCE7h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0D4B05233h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8FEB6874h
not     eax
add     eax, 8D89FE1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 7BA39414h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 44E50E4Eh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 9C1AA4A6h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 8138789Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 76EA0D1Eh
sub     eax, 63359F56h
sub     eax, 957E4CAEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4099623Ah
xor     eax, 4D705E54h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 6DB84E61h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 447F5734h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5743430Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C097F0B9h
sub     eax, 0C54BA8B2h
sub     eax, 4EA440F4h
xor     eax, 0D16334CAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EAC48B89h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0AB7C516Ah
xor     eax, 0A264DB46h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0D2417BAFh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1EC2E2A7h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 7D397016h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 309E7585h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0BB7A1F8Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 27B03817h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 7B4229FDh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 927C3777h
xor     eax, 0CC6FC1A0h
xor     eax, 8823AFF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3E093AD5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 9EEC94A0h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 53B2BA40h
sub     eax, 0A8F84F27h
sub     eax, 0D7ED6D8Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 33706734h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5335B317h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 85B20DD2h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9E9EC78Ch
add     eax, 4FD77D07h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AFE23A1Dh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 236269D8h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0A3F8EA77h
not     eax
add     eax, 7B3C24C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C57A38CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 843667E7h
sub     eax, 518468CEh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 623C883Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7140CEB4h
add     eax, 0AF4963E8h
add     eax, 0B292D573h
xor     eax, 0E30E32A7h
xor     eax, 0CB80013Ch
xor     eax, 0CE9B222Dh
xor     eax, 6B27C303h
xor     eax, 0C9C570A0h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0B7852305h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0D6D510AFh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 6B33DBF1h
add     eax, 21186991h
sub     eax, 0B490826Ah
add     eax, 34D245F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DCDB5FCDh
add     eax, 0EC914025h
xor     eax, 22AADC40h
xor     eax, 0EE55AC13h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 41E47DD5h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0FB8147C4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 92787921h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0D62DDB29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0CBA65B37h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 2FA6E814h
not     eax
add     eax, 3C0C5D22h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9DA3720Eh
sub     eax, 5A69066Ch
add     eax, 2072BAC5h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 2DBE3A9Ch
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 7BC5EDEAh
xor     eax, 36B04E08h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D3996FBCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F6F50718h
sub     eax, 689B00ADh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0B46E1EF6h
xor     eax, 0AD124D90h
sub     eax, 6BF58A31h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1AE41A34h
xor     eax, 0EB610DA5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9C126FB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 49CCA0BBh
sub     eax, 5E92766Fh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 289644D0h
xor     eax, 0AA4568A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8F9BE7F5h
add     eax, 83C7A65Ch
sub     eax, 0FCCA442Bh
add     eax, 95D5CBA1h
sub     eax, 0DF786322h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 2AF11F8Ch
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0BB20AA48h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 99FA8A2Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CA717E71h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 29350AE8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 3CBB8DA8h
add     eax, 0D6C461B5h
sub     eax, 4A805B79h
xor     eax, 4FE75B4Ah
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 898F1ED3h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A4791DD8h
add     eax, 75186055h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0C04F5C80h
xor     eax, 1B3A88D3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 385C2A6Fh
sub     eax, 575A439Eh
sub     eax, 21B3A6E2h
xor     eax, 2156649Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 3B9342E5h
xor     eax, 32CE1D6Fh
sub     eax, 571F1A95h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0ACC7A891h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2E37CBB9h
add     eax, 479B5D72h
add     eax, 317073ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F6563AE0h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 3EA6871Ah
xor     eax, 1BAA619Ah
add     eax, 0FA75D74Ch
xor     eax, 58281232h
add     eax, 8D2F5FC3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D4F11CB4h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 6A855020h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0C4629B97h
sub     eax, 29F9F59Ch
xor     eax, 3D74E030h
sub     eax, 8574413Eh
xor     eax, 9F6E2F13h
add     eax, 42D1F842h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0ABECC059h
sub     eax, 0BB6F92BBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3BB57CE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F8ABE212h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 2F43F4ACh
add     eax, 0E72BA9C5h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0C1EBEB3Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FA76C5EEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0C7934593h
add     eax, 9FC6D79Dh
sub     eax, 673F45DAh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 434BA6ACh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0FD3DCDC5h
sub     eax, 0AFB84273h
add     eax, 872D0410h
xor     eax, 0C9118907h
sub     eax, 78BA60CDh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A91EA64Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B502D6A0h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 2B7FAE63h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5E3CE853h
add     eax, 0B02D62C0h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D2D66E2h
xor     eax, 3912D657h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A32680CFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 4546AC51h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0FE204FA8h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C6A55AA9h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 83DD0B56h
add     eax, 0A46CFC5Dh
xor     eax, 1EC9B432h
xor     eax, 6BEE26EAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0AB17FB06h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 2B305B46h
sub     eax, 43FDF22Eh
xor     eax, 127CEE4Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C0999381h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 4FA0CDEBh
xor     eax, 9D7636F7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0D1392950h
xor     eax, 5FD0A494h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 77FC6E3Fh
sub     eax, 0DC54831Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D4E8C23Ah
xor     eax, 2A5C4F52h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 82C81958h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FA264819h
add     eax, 0F539628Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0F9D5DAD5h
add     eax, 738339E3h
xor     eax, 54CD023Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C8C95EF7h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0D2AA276Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 4AAE37C1h
sub     eax, 99C2345Eh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 62198956h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 47F08E50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7D4FBE94h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5C65E5C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 84E5920Bh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 9223C1C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D34B1DF3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 893C3ED7h
xor     eax, 0A5878E4Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 6F26A00Ch
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 1D965EEAh
add     eax, 45555C81h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E6B3203Eh
sub     eax, 99A7E678h
sub     eax, 290F6722h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 2A23ADB4h
add     eax, 0A706E436h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0A74BE6C5h
sub     eax, 7B4A2E99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 95CF3A7Ah
sub     eax, 0F143EF34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 584A40AAh
sub     eax, 911AF2DCh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C76D0FFBh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 3DB15225h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0FF9E9D9Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 72FA10ECh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 2876C58Eh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1B53F44Ah
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0AD48D86Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E1E37BA7h
xor     eax, 751E45E2h
sub     eax, 0BCC2F486h
xor     eax, 0FBE8976Eh
sub     eax, 281EF2F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7655D174h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0E2581F39h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0FA4C4D05h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 3543B9F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 26B404F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 42862E59h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 8590151Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BD1D89E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0A61E5484h
xor     eax, 0C97984E1h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CA9D476Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C015C6BDh
sub     eax, 78C752E3h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 8801EC33h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 3530A4BBh
sub     eax, 41FE8E2Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C34D0AB1h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 79017727h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0D1F22D05h
not     eax
add     eax, 1B721959h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8B35EC6Bh
sub     eax, 0ADD10242h
xor     eax, 54AC16A4h
sub     eax, 862D4257h
sub     eax, 937D846Dh
add     eax, 84345E0Ah
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 52166C52h
sub     eax, 82C2B202h
add     eax, 6EEC6E27h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0F5896DF1h
add     eax, 90115F6Fh
add     eax, 0E8B3379Ah
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0DD774256h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D477BB0h
add     eax, 84AA6F9Dh
sub     eax, 0A38BA915h
sub     eax, 714328BFh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 84212E76h
xor     eax, 4B0A7DB6h
sub     eax, 0E62B4D55h
sub     eax, 82F6A409h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DD787F10h
add     eax, 0C7CBE257h
not     eax
sub     eax, 466C0B8Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 6DF83247h
xor     eax, 8B76C9B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 43D449E0h
add     eax, 7C44E7A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D0232F03h
not     eax
sub     eax, 10E93A96h
sub     eax, 5822234Dh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 830AE83Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B6572E0Bh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E90E3055h
add     eax, 0C0701F30h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0E8B8982Ch
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C157F44Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 273181CAh
add     eax, 5F6BFDC0h
not     eax
add     eax, 6FF34465h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0C320D02Bh
add     eax, 0A5746079h
xor     eax, 462E8962h
not     eax
add     eax, 967B55FDh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 6725C9B9h
xor     eax, 7E927515h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7CA67F8Fh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0EABE1C56h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0BC858C22h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FD81732Dh
sub     eax, 0FC5F8C45h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E860285h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0F41D35EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D774B080h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E0216AE1h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AA2077B9h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 15F7463Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E342DE0Ah
xor     eax, 0C63A64F6h
add     eax, 0F62F0959h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BD03C765h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8C778E52h
sub     eax, 74134F54h
add     eax, 6D63D49Ah
xor     eax, 15476CBDh
sub     eax, 0B897FD16h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BC028058h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2175EB3Ah
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 404D2A63h
add     eax, 4C527045h
add     eax, 6F573002h
xor     eax, 0D12F66C2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1D09DFC0h
xor     eax, 2DA40EC8h
add     eax, 0D1E9F1EEh
sub     eax, 8BEA077Bh
xor     eax, 7A53F508h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0CA67D9E0h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 86E45152h
add     eax, 4CA8A6E6h
sub     eax, 60CB9D87h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8D961AF0h
add     eax, 0D105B2DFh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DE2CE506h
add     eax, 1EADCE21h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 23A9B887h
sub     eax, 0D955C676h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 46358EDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0B4A6BC7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8F14F74Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3B1BC2B5h
sub     eax, 97A28671h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5084A59Eh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 8ABFEC92h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0F3698D63h
sub     eax, 7A568ACAh
sub     eax, 4C36BCFCh
xor     eax, 0B8C323C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C59787EEh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4FA3AB27h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C991B77Dh
add     eax, 0B4E36E08h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1A0D6AABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 5898493Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0B4E95CF4h
xor     eax, 4941988Bh
sub     eax, 0CBFE2545h
xor     eax, 9C18772Fh
xor     eax, 1095151Dh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 561AE510h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 55E9C824h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2A89F56Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0EE063D1Ah
sub     eax, 188D66CEh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 3FB5B10Eh
add     eax, 0C7EA8ACCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 53CBB3C1h
add     eax, 0B6711DE0h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0F6F0A92Ch
xor     eax, 2ECDBA8Ah
xor     eax, 0EFC6021Ch
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 72E28B18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7CEE928Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FB64A10Fh
add     eax, 0B89F7D83h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0B99BB6C7h
sub     eax, 545DCBDAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 858DC758h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 634B2DE6h
add     eax, 0B5326F89h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 8737BCFAh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 33EE3559h
xor     eax, 0F26910C3h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0BB02BB02h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 8ADA63B0h
xor     eax, 35995172h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 90E53978h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0F64561F1h
sub     eax, 23B8343Ah
xor     eax, 1D3E02F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 26F9C9A1h
add     eax, 9630E341h
xor     eax, 0C6C30E4Dh
sub     eax, 0DDD09E02h
xor     eax, 956DB904h
add     eax, 0B931A848h
sub     eax, 0ED6E9E33h
add     eax, 0A92CD2B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 29AB92B3h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 64B129C4h
xor     eax, 7BCAF063h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 47C595D2h
xor     eax, 0CA1C391Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 29DB23E1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0F7B0131Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 97969D20h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 76014506h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D74AFA8Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0D2658EFAh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 57CEC046h
sub     eax, 0D3D404A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2504085Eh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A8D17C7Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 83FEBC10h
xor     eax, 0EACBF34Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D68C4B7Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 8F9C4BE4h
xor     eax, 0D117F3A2h
sub     eax, 0C36C9112h
add     eax, 977B5C8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0EF970A8Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CE1B4605h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E47C9C10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 7D30F44Dh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0D8F718CFh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 8B7D14AFh
sub     eax, 36F97F6Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0C4550DA0h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C8A0BB75h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 3600CA80h
add     eax, 0FBD2A9D4h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0ED0C9756h
sub     eax, 0DF837CF1h
xor     eax, 681095C3h
xor     eax, 86627A50h
sub     eax, 351E98D4h
xor     eax, 0C1BAFD11h
sub     eax, 0FA339CA6h
xor     eax, 49C26DE9h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0D1CC87A8h
xor     eax, 0B27F9A53h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 92860E4Bh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 45A017DBh
add     eax, 4A88167Ah
add     eax, 419F58AFh
xor     eax, 0ACA56916h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0B7EDD063h
sub     eax, 3DC06398h
add     eax, 769146D4h
xor     eax, 56997FC0h
sub     eax, 45579C84h
add     eax, 6699CC06h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 53798849h
xor     eax, 0F4EB2369h
add     eax, 8D814D42h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7A12668Bh
xor     eax, 5DCE09BAh
xor     eax, 953BA05Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 600C200Eh
sub     eax, 0F9BE4F09h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9DA2E9CAh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E6B2B71Eh
add     eax, 0E5A4021Fh
xor     eax, 73ECC294h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 97A60EF7h
add     eax, 0F2FCEE39h
xor     eax, 4F1FA8E7h
sub     eax, 0F80186DEh
add     eax, 8910B21Fh
sub     eax, 43CB0EC2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AAC05D4Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0C0262B21h
xor     eax, 9BF81A3Ah
add     eax, 4987BDC3h
sub     eax, 66CCFECEh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 1276B5A3h
add     eax, 6287E1CBh
xor     eax, 16DE75ABh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 0A01FC376h
add     eax, 2F2FD05Dh
add     eax, 4432D845h
add     eax, 2B12458Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5E7F503Ah
xor     eax, 98558CD4h
add     eax, 7FF70422h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E00C8255h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3C60DC5Ch
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0BFFD1C89h
add     eax, 6283090Dh
xor     eax, 0C79BFD45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 534F0D93h
add     eax, 0BE52B690h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5C7A2848h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0FE409D31h
xor     eax, 0CA88B36Eh
sub     eax, 0EB6D726Ch
xor     eax, 0D65CE483h
xor     eax, 0CC0B156Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D39B2FA1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 234786FBh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0C2680DC3h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0FE9AC011h
xor     eax, 0ECBBD9FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E5F866BBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0D4AAA822h
add     eax, 0E688507Dh
add     eax, 0E484637Eh
add     eax, 5671099Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0FE767945h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 932ECC0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 61B8C2CBh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 45E412DEh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 434C1B42h
sub     eax, 2F508901h
sub     eax, 6C446132h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 49DB78B3h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D9B211CCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D22EF7A9h
sub     eax, 0B1EC6429h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 7D74AB1Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1E31EBD7h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D8DE9F21h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 14E55BFCh
add     eax, 0DF5A3155h
sub     eax, 0DAD5D116h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 822575B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7FE0452Fh
xor     eax, 710F97ABh
add     eax, 587E1F1Ch
sub     eax, 18A85123h
sub     eax, 0DA919937h
add     eax, 9C6C6F31h
add     eax, 35B14319h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2473D734h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D123F00Ah
sub     eax, 5F6FB5A7h
sub     eax, 0BA41BF12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 9E31FEA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0D662DD97h
sub     eax, 1D41C1F8h
not     eax
add     eax, 4292D4C2h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 7726156Fh
xor     eax, 5AFD3021h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 50A864B5h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 710996BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 5E80A5A7h
sub     eax, 2C32643Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 11AE1954h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 10F4693Ch
xor     eax, 5DCE8E4Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 6EFEE6A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5C99D5D5h
xor     eax, 18B739D4h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 2D76EF9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7C9EF2A5h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 3542F48Ah
xor     eax, 80D8C59Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A660E244h
add     eax, 8EBB4798h
add     eax, 5C5971B8h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 58CB9E5Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 479775AAh
add     eax, 1C16CE71h
sub     eax, 0CDBFC504h
not     eax
add     eax, 8A42DF37h
sub     eax, 436A8FB4h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 26DD82DFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D54BD1F4h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 422F7A08h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 5A807836h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 9D7F50A6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4C345D64h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EC10ED24h
add     eax, 6CDBF35Bh
xor     eax, 2F834252h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 14201C99h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 3DBF3965h
sub     eax, 0F07287CDh
xor     eax, 59DEF919h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CF6D14D9h
sub     eax, 84B52185h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5F6D7D61h
sub     eax, 47516F64h
xor     eax, 57F5407Eh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 3162D9CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CE1211B5h
add     eax, 0C902D688h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 638A33E0h
sub     eax, 23757E16h
add     eax, 125E4672h
xor     eax, 5966E16Ah
sub     eax, 904457EEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ABD93E3Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 6B280DF1h
add     eax, 0F0D2F261h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BCA10AADh
not     eax
xor     eax, 280EB572h
xor     eax, 0F0DACA44h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 4DE60F73h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BEC71017h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D813CD1Eh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7C22B9FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1391C6C0h
xor     eax, 2A933001h
sub     eax, 4E3E2A1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6EEC971Fh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0B28BE2DAh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 7876279Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0F075CC27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0A1494BC5h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 963F02B0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0A4EC7620h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 54067DD6h
sub     eax, 0CFF0EBDDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0EB5F7750h
sub     eax, 90527668h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B88D6239h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A3CF8F75h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0ED0B588Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F68E5DE7h
add     eax, 0EBD1677Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 751A17A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 384E95A4h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 6FE712C5h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 85208B2Ah
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0D3313739h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A5C92AE7h
xor     eax, 0EDA30468h
xor     eax, 9CEC78D6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0DE6CC5CEh
xor     eax, 7D8016B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 55DB22EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B53E9FF2h
sub     eax, 0DB779052h
sub     eax, 3676B124h
sub     eax, 902C0E15h
sub     eax, 755E1111h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DD78D39Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 9167097Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0FB53C8B7h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 6FD9C807h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0AB86B284h
sub     eax, 80064266h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 97F2F929h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D9A083EAh
xor     eax, 9E56B760h
xor     eax, 9BA42D14h
add     eax, 0C4DA38BBh
sub     eax, 49A90300h
sub     eax, 0BCB6955Bh
xor     eax, 216CF5D9h
sub     eax, 0F49A7CA9h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 58987C9Eh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C5F60FBBh
not     eax
add     eax, 983297BEh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 1D77AB90h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 7FFCFF01h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 4ED602F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 78FB4E0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0A9391518h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7960A7B3h
xor     eax, 0CEEABE88h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A893591Eh
add     eax, 1E84AC39h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 12C4CF1Fh
sub     eax, 85872A25h
xor     eax, 0DCFD4690h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0B4557FA9h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0F8D4B108h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 70C99ADEh
xor     eax, 0C9ED3C56h
add     eax, 7BD68C88h
add     eax, 6390D7ECh
add     eax, 33F67A18h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 8DAAC477h
sub     eax, 0CFAAFE67h
xor     eax, 4522D38Bh
sub     eax, 6A2F2783h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 15A16C35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C8FAC10Ch
add     eax, 678BEC63h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 70C2F13Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B4AA781Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0C99FDF4Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D238202Bh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0D744244Ch
xor     eax, 0CC62E3D6h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 4DE5B493h
xor     eax, 33ED2AEFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 543CA2F4h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 8AC018DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0FE0DFA82h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0BC15E52Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 3D64722Ah
xor     eax, 2117B1C1h
sub     eax, 8CD80B79h
xor     eax, 4E595DA1h
sub     eax, 0BCBB97CCh
add     eax, 0CB7C045Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 1CC4C0E1h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3220EB20h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 7D50275Ch
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D207AA5Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C9F38C40h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5538DEE9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 418C4D73h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0A6E45853h
add     eax, 0D818E46Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3597B6EAh
xor     eax, 2E632BB4h
xor     eax, 0CB6D322Bh
xor     eax, 0B8E6F050h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B8AABFD9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0CDE9DBA0h
sub     eax, 0DDDE8429h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FB784773h
sub     eax, 617C5D69h
sub     eax, 1C2F0A30h
sub     eax, 0B7ACC872h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 18D9EF76h
sub     eax, 4A62B628h
add     eax, 778A90BDh
sub     eax, 651F3C88h
not     eax
add     eax, 2D33E0E6h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0DE8C2A54h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0F0A64350h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 664FA249h
sub     eax, 0B8F31CFAh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B99194B3h
xor     eax, 9C67DD08h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 9A513C61h
add     eax, 0A7422F4Ch
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0D7E21C16h
xor     eax, 4CF167CFh
sub     eax, 0BEF929F4h
add     eax, 24B622F9h
sub     eax, 4CC46FCDh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B2595A52h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 41F9570Ah
xor     eax, 6E2D8AABh
add     eax, 0EAF0AA06h
xor     eax, 0E72D9EDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E4A3A93Ch
xor     eax, 0FE75B0CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6A633797h
sub     eax, 0EF23C078h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0C7582444h
not     eax
xor     eax, 48A08724h
xor     eax, 35B6ADA9h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0D36D9E10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4835ADDDh
xor     eax, 0AF347A18h
add     eax, 0EBA001FAh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 12BDCD45h
sub     eax, 6B1EE34Eh
add     eax, 534347FCh
xor     eax, 7A3A6934h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 6ACC02A8h
sub     eax, 63FA7753h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 742EF8BEh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E1A113ABh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 2CF960CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 7471A48Ch
sub     eax, 0FDA5D18Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0E00097ECh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D78E7594h
xor     eax, 0B2383647h
xor     eax, 0CF6A1E1Dh
sub     eax, 7F488503h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 23212DF4h
sub     eax, 0FB3BC9A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 5005C4B3h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0C9DC0218h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 92570616h
add     eax, 4E127957h
sub     eax, 0B2A48554h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5181C305h
add     eax, 6DEA1BE1h
sub     eax, 0C2D2CCE9h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D8D5DE44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 691EF9DBh
add     eax, 805BF8F4h
add     eax, 83AC6EBAh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0B3D40720h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 97E73F0Dh
xor     eax, 839CCA0Dh
add     eax, 1990513Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A6A98D2Ch
sub     eax, 88EE9796h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 8672FC3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ADF9CE6Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 768FBB9Fh
add     eax, 2DCB341Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 511CEAD3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9CAB1CE8h
add     eax, 0CEEA94B7h
add     eax, 6D5A1625h
xor     eax, 94B6D81Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 3BEA0C24h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 73FC2CE3h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 24926808h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B4D89ED3h
add     eax, 0F924D898h
not     eax
sub     eax, 70D065EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D0CCD0A0h
add     eax, 3C93770Eh
sub     eax, 69E93993h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0B4B98600h
sub     eax, 3CDD86C9h
add     eax, 83855FA4h
add     eax, 0AC33B5B3h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 8FFBC977h
xor     eax, 0C58BD185h
sub     eax, 2C2AFC99h
xor     eax, 0B255598Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 8B28037Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0F306A298h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 683FFCBFh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 71951783h
xor     eax, 5ADF5DABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B5E7BC7h
add     eax, 0D5396D81h
xor     eax, 73388974h
xor     eax, 0EFAAE563h
xor     eax, 72C8AB21h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 114A26DCh
sub     eax, 0BA73089Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4F61A11Ah
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B5E83514h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1BA128D8h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0A905F56Bh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 7E843C38h
xor     eax, 711227B8h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5D6806AFh
sub     eax, 0B25DCDB4h
xor     eax, 99239763h
sub     eax, 0C92B602Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0F127756Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E93D5999h
sub     eax, 3B502104h
add     eax, 0FF56FC6Ch
add     eax, 61EDF70Ch
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A7AD4690h
add     eax, 996FB542h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 5DADAB87h
sub     eax, 9EE6504Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C0A814C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 890FA2CBh
not     eax
add     eax, 58B0D4F6h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 47EC5B67h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 143428BCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0C13A5494h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FD5BE2F1h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0DD229D9Eh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 70D37388h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EE23BEBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0FCF31F70h
xor     eax, 453E9F76h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 6FDE18C5h
xor     eax, 1196D8F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2D08F6DAh
add     eax, 577205EBh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E3652809h
not     eax
sub     eax, 550782CFh
xor     eax, 28AC2D42h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 56313B08h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 3F16F905h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0C086D884h
add     eax, 0D950A58Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 1CEA06B2h
xor     eax, 4BB4E053h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 5D381EC2h
add     eax, 7FA00C88h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 69F88531h
xor     eax, 0E8E5B23Ah
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0D3270168h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D97DAFFBh
xor     eax, 1A8402C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B897E3EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 96E7E070h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 10DB633Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 5873CD0Dh
xor     eax, 40E45712h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9B32E17Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4384FC1Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 17C292B8h
sub     eax, 0D1C09396h
sub     eax, 78C3D9F9h
add     eax, 7AB4B8D9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7BFE274Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0C578F707h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8972F37Ah
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0A248A6A1h
sub     eax, 0CE93EFDDh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B4F63C83h
xor     eax, 0F4CF9A4Ch
add     eax, 4A390A40h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8317C2F8h
add     eax, 9B77FB94h
xor     eax, 6133C1D3h
xor     eax, 2214FF2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F516AA24h
xor     eax, 0CDE229B0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0E8C690BEh
sub     eax, 26C244D1h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 82638192h
add     eax, 0BCB059E2h
not     eax
add     eax, 84CB6F35h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0ACB96FF5h
add     eax, 8F890E90h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0FEAB1E3Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C2C42EB2h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0DABD71F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5C0C6FB1h
add     eax, 2570E66Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1989D9DFh
add     eax, 4AE6B3D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F5A7D46Fh
add     eax, 4B74E5BEh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 78D09B6Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 77D8163Fh
xor     eax, 2282EBBAh
xor     eax, 19726BD4h
sub     eax, 1073DFADh
sub     eax, 4D74A1E4h
add     eax, 6637641Ah
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 14B1DCE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D236A170h
not     eax
sub     eax, 41134739h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FAE5FEF2h
add     eax, 0BA0EF1FBh
add     eax, 0E8438770h
add     eax, 0B3B9FFC4h
xor     eax, 27C20DC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0DF5EDECCh
add     eax, 40A0F246h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 1292C13Bh
xor     eax, 35C9F16Dh
sub     eax, 0D269F474h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 203F11E1h
xor     eax, 2AFFB7B6h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 536F52DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BC621DA2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B6CCEA21h
sub     eax, 829B0318h
xor     eax, 0BA1EA0C5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0E700CFD0h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 27E8A985h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9BDFB87Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9AD3523Ah
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 2244C57Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0DDF869A9h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0BB429014h
xor     eax, 99E01F11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 57B9B1C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DF6DFA74h
sub     eax, 0CF3BE6FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7D04575Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 21AA82C9h
add     eax, 8B5CA7C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 708FCF06h
sub     eax, 0E72BD74Fh
sub     eax, 3089ECC7h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CE1B6235h
sub     eax, 8864D308h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 51591167h
xor     eax, 15119FB0h
add     eax, 556C4293h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0F15458EFh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0B019E926h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D4956F01h
add     eax, 1DF5E4B4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7452912Ch
sub     eax, 2A4CCEFDh
add     eax, 55EDC777h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 55CB5827h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 15116A4Fh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0CA5963B1h
add     eax, 7AB000D6h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 91EB200Dh
sub     eax, 3C2A7A02h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C7DCD923h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C714385Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 5E80C009h
xor     eax, 0DECDFD3Ah
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C5CCFBEBh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1D853B4Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 1E4AD591h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 61A6EA3Ah
sub     eax, 0D45D18A7h
xor     eax, 0FE0F7744h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0EBB2215Dh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 950A5EB2h
xor     eax, 74469BDDh
sub     eax, 0E4701FF5h
sub     eax, 0CA7D1645h
add     eax, 0BA986BBEh
add     eax, 0DAFDF101h
add     eax, 0F3FC9B74h
sub     eax, 61B5F73Bh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0F4CE24C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FAA2CBB2h
add     eax, 0C5F0A1FCh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0E2CBBB82h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 960FBFECh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9B87EBF5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 421B23CDh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9E875A6Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0D68013D7h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 9AC2A373h
sub     eax, 9CA15A2Bh
sub     eax, 0FF6392E3h
xor     eax, 0BB5D3751h
sub     eax, 72A6A7A6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 948ABA22h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DF152C69h
sub     eax, 55E31663h
add     eax, 900BD17Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C26D9962h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 83DB17ADh
xor     eax, 2A8EEF68h
add     eax, 8352B76Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 75FD87B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 875B5B6Ch
add     eax, 0A3E843E1h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0EDF1C39Fh
add     eax, 42D3FF7Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 4C8118A3h
xor     eax, 5067C911h
add     eax, 187C56B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0E2DB2911h
add     eax, 93DE3971h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 98DEEF18h
not     eax
add     eax, 10CDF439h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 5B8BF8C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4E5CA62Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8326132Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0C0B120EFh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A1B6DA34h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 445D3410h
xor     eax, 0D180DD94h
sub     eax, 2211EE5Eh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E0C8F565h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5308BFCEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1E7BEACCh
add     eax, 2E1981F4h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 5C845A32h
xor     eax, 14C17173h
sub     eax, 0F1731493h
sub     eax, 0BC90D8E7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BF3E6756h
xor     eax, 0AFA18BA7h
add     eax, 546A738Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9DEE12E0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 417DFF63h
sub     eax, 52AD28A4h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 9FBF7BCCh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 79B8E3F5h
add     eax, 0B6543342h
xor     eax, 56A65F2Dh
sub     eax, 7D6BBA22h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0EE87326Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 419574A3h
add     eax, 0CD6B744Bh
sub     eax, 0C34D956Eh
add     eax, 0CACC1B47h
sub     eax, 60D229F1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CF1964C3h
sub     eax, 0D2EE2567h
sub     eax, 0EDF5BC53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 13A79284h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D11F30A3h
sub     eax, 523713A1h
sub     eax, 0B8A4104Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 2369CD76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3B97A44Bh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C0229ED0h
xor     eax, 0D1D031CAh
sub     eax, 9894E44Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C8A730F8h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EE843711h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 90F13457h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3912C5A6h
sub     eax, 28D0B9AFh
sub     eax, 7873C539h
sub     eax, 8FB37759h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 2EA4C9A3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 52164EC4h
add     eax, 72751F33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F744089Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0A73824E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0E9F888CFh
xor     eax, 5781C699h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 9A7E2D1Ch
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 1A6FBB7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 395B10D9h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2E42D8FAh
add     eax, 5CC15B53h
sub     eax, 264A7CCDh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 111F37F7h
add     eax, 78EE9A27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0B36A44A6h
xor     eax, 8C55423Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E89D4DEAh
sub     eax, 35720641h
xor     eax, 28201C8Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 23682B6Fh
xor     eax, 7B7C62FAh
add     eax, 2CE42D7Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8EF40FB7h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 398F9F5Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
