sub     eax, 0CD840774h
xor     eax, 2A5C8631h
sub     eax, 6584736Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 8F2BBA97h
xor     eax, 0D9C34FFCh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1C02F22Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 33D491CFh
add     eax, 474511D0h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 50CFDC19h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E638D5DDh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 598A1BD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F4F3DA82h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9F896138h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2AD7759Eh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0DF887DD6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CD87D5B6h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 1E2CB87Ah
sub     eax, 311EFBE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FCA86BEEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4A7A3B11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 5A88BB15h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 95110EF6h
add     eax, 79767722h
sub     eax, 9B7ED74Eh
add     eax, 0DB322797h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A2C1534Fh
add     eax, 0C751705Fh
add     eax, 3FF05612h
xor     eax, 0FDD799AEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 86D7ED85h
sub     eax, 4D2B79D0h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C6BA35A5h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 841E1AD8h
xor     eax, 1906D37Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0B8D14AACh
sub     eax, 239C222Ch
xor     eax, 0C4A208F8h
sub     eax, 2D633C33h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 889853EEh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0C5EF26C9h
sub     eax, 0AC8473E0h
add     eax, 70849058h
add     eax, 6527EBC8h
xor     eax, 0BD9C3991h
xor     eax, 4A7911B5h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 167D3745h
add     eax, 81FC5A6Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 25428D8Ah
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 79164569h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EA8BBB3Ch
xor     eax, 8A71DDDFh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 24438CAAh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 298B9792h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7F0BC8CDh
xor     eax, 0DAE4AB9Eh
add     eax, 7DA0EBD3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E28A97A0h
xor     eax, 95FF6DA9h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EBFD4D21h
add     eax, 42CB06BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 32FD695Bh
add     eax, 0F0DEEA67h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0F1930463h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B77B33E0h
sub     eax, 5C65A7E9h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 6357A3A6h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 30E10F07h
sub     eax, 5FAC6E0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5725C310h
add     eax, 3B285558h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 12F3F7F5h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9BEB21E3h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0F4ED25DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D2F0C006h
xor     eax, 8A63FC0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2C174212h
sub     eax, 1AE4A072h
xor     eax, 0B28AE5FCh
sub     eax, 0A20CA3E4h
add     eax, 607E1004h
sub     eax, 77074342h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0AF38AE4Eh
add     eax, 8F1B6BAAh
xor     eax, 0D99B565Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0B350E765h
add     eax, 2B0138A3h
add     eax, 0DEE81C09h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F82D077Ah
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0FB5E47C3h
add     eax, 8E1EF9F6h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 52F0D960h
sub     eax, 0C67B09D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6F24D5D4h
add     eax, 0E2797410h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C7676178h
add     eax, 0EAA08332h
sub     eax, 0CA35D4F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 3DA55999h
xor     eax, 2DC23BBEh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0E2FBF7F3h
xor     eax, 0EC084190h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B33D60E9h
xor     eax, 0ED27525Ch
xor     eax, 0FF26EAC6h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 6B14EA08h
xor     eax, 0CB9257A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AFAAC7F3h
xor     eax, 146C1881h
xor     eax, 0C5BCEB10h
add     eax, 0DED141F3h
sub     eax, 9BB78FBDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 87D0A855h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0AF4B445Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0B6B722DFh
xor     eax, 98883F20h
xor     eax, 682D84E7h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 83EC5751h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4AEAB24Ah
sub     eax, 4EA8830Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 2230AD3Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 16A6F339h
add     eax, 3F487052h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5D35FEE9h
xor     eax, 6D674377h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 71D0A579h
sub     eax, 6E4025AAh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0CDD95393h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 91E652B4h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 53AFFAC4h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 53BA34BAh
sub     eax, 43E8D368h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BB4E186Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C279AFECh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FFE3A4CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8D2E30E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7B6F0C6Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0B8434CBBh
sub     eax, 804C52E5h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D8737065h
xor     eax, 0ADB2E49Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0C11CC92Dh
xor     eax, 422DD37Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BBB8BFDFh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0C90ECF66h
add     eax, 66A4C1F2h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 67EECA91h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0ED2DAED6h
xor     eax, 0AD0D33A4h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0DAAE3190h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 81A5495Bh
sub     eax, 60727993h
add     eax, 5C5DA57Dh
add     eax, 0AF61A65Eh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 110A9C26h
add     eax, 0A4BF40B0h
add     eax, 2EDC4D5Fh
xor     eax, 7BDBF362h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 1B9FDE4Ch
add     eax, 4F368B2Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 698787A3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2D94FFB5h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BF749CBAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 32B0F47Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2F6B4AB0h
add     eax, 0D9217866h
sub     eax, 2374B97Bh
add     eax, 3B9EE1CCh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 64F23B5Dh
sub     eax, 0F1C8AE0Ch
sub     eax, 0B3448A65h
add     eax, 0EED07150h
add     eax, 3DF1D18Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 341B2554h
not     eax
add     eax, 301C6535h
xor     eax, 461301E4h
sub     eax, 0D76FD772h
sub     eax, 9BEB4D24h
xor     eax, 8358A161h
sub     eax, 0C6FA3864h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B164AD9Eh
sub     eax, 9C4D3A38h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 8A7FAF04h
sub     eax, 9A040C86h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 487712A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 162D9A79h
sub     eax, 9933681Fh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 85B02EDFh
add     eax, 0FDBC872Bh
add     eax, 6282629Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C7CC30B9h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 4694EC39h
xor     eax, 0BAA7ACF2h
sub     eax, 88F12557h
add     eax, 5EC9E593h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 9440BDF7h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0CAAF4250h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 694A5FFBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 546390FEh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 59A055DAh
xor     eax, 82A70E8Eh
xor     eax, 62EC39CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F1DF6145h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B065B6F6h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 8E472FF7h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 34D54F27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 99F2FC5Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4B65CE38h
add     eax, 51DCD5C1h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 5E569C0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 97A689C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5CE251A6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 93C98562h
xor     eax, 0FB74975Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F10B493Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0C5162628h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 3B15CA9Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 54E93422h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0A92BFA9Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0AD1AD16Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 13FD156Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 33DE9527h
sub     eax, 1538E280h
sub     eax, 0EC1BB656h
sub     eax, 0AF1020D6h
add     eax, 761EA66Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0E3C8737Eh
xor     eax, 76ADFAA1h
add     eax, 55B76FECh
sub     eax, 20961F2Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 6CD24646h
sub     eax, 71531C45h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0EF198329h
xor     eax, 5527C827h
add     eax, 1E55EC28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ACA326B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FF4BC579h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 70BCAC74h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FFCE4A7Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0DCA1C860h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD37B544h
xor     eax, 6D6826BDh
xor     eax, 5279B650h
sub     eax, 0AEF900DBh
xor     eax, 540E915Fh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F14D6EDCh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0C88A0AA1h
xor     eax, 0AED80A26h
xor     eax, 1D8DAD1Ah
xor     eax, 5F461AF1h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 86E9F0C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 8DD59B58h
sub     eax, 7BC74C63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 69C1628Bh
xor     eax, 70AD06CAh
sub     eax, 0BC54F33Dh
sub     eax, 7E99168Dh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 55504D24h
sub     eax, 22D0E305h
xor     eax, 0B46B47AFh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DFC0D16Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7CB2BAA0h
sub     eax, 637FFBD8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7469C535h
xor     eax, 854CB1D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B1A90FB1h
sub     eax, 37945081h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0C2A338B8h
add     eax, 0CAF3F508h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0D6898C1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 76D84131h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A311CD71h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0D84B5591h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 956969AEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 766D4F50h
sub     eax, 14DDB39Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0A717FB01h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 562E4C7Eh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 91F78ABDh
add     eax, 1A274261h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 8B36266Dh
add     eax, 615A56D3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 74A4DEA7h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0F47CCDCEh
xor     eax, 971CDE46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E25C5CC8h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0D1DC79EBh
xor     eax, 0B9E11773h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0C5D76312h
add     eax, 0B7C66747h
sub     eax, 0A1C58C76h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0A57F09ECh
add     eax, 530FBB3Fh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0FC43D466h
add     eax, 0D61D038Ah
xor     eax, 9CD26B69h
add     eax, 3B6F8919h
add     eax, 51AB024Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0F8CFB5FCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 29A335C7h
sub     eax, 0F8332FDAh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 9972CF20h
sub     eax, 2B4163F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EC9A1CD9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6CA3B4CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 989986CAh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 17A1C2EEh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4E101AEBh
xor     eax, 0D9A1515Bh
xor     eax, 23820881h
sub     eax, 0FFA76E9Bh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0CDAA6AF8h
add     eax, 0CC87A9FFh
sub     eax, 64D0CD3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6B2549D4h
add     eax, 5395F89Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 6EDD0DFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 72DD8F1Ah
xor     eax, 0A542091Eh
xor     eax, 4494E6CDh
add     eax, 29A3FCEFh
add     eax, 176E770Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0DAD37818h
xor     eax, 22B5165Ch
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0D56DB9E4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 2860C4A5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9DEA4D21h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4EFC220Fh
add     eax, 0BBE089B4h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 81A025AFh
sub     eax, 36FD3FE7h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 1D3CF4C0h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 9BEEF59Ah
add     eax, 0A65A6FEFh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0A61DB072h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B3787707h
xor     eax, 0FA06FC91h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E24CD309h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 1F7C82F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 789E12A6h
sub     eax, 0CFDADEADh
xor     eax, 78B2E806h
sub     eax, 0BF92D0C5h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0CC4BA2CCh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0DC69E0D7h
add     eax, 0E4F1D049h
sub     eax, 25A6F980h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 20DF572Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 3A8966C1h
sub     eax, 2AE1C1B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E2BE3294h
xor     eax, 0F1F65E2Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0E110F6F2h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B2BA6D84h
xor     eax, 51B3554Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2BC2F1EFh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 4D04246Ch
sub     eax, 24859B7Dh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 74D6DB8Ah
add     eax, 0A4751F12h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 5789C047h
xor     eax, 916F836Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 34572A71h
sub     eax, 0DE243630h
add     eax, 986BCB47h
xor     eax, 63DC600Ah
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 9071A19Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A314F118h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BFE81149h
sub     eax, 1F80473Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0C23D4212h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 5A5CA9A3h
xor     eax, 8D0F7B22h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0F90701E1h
add     eax, 1AA6F2FFh
sub     eax, 9F200198h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 0D4DD7647h
sub     eax, 1C9E1B2Eh
add     eax, 5F7EABADh
sub     eax, 0EE31EDB8h
sub     eax, 6AC323CBh
xor     eax, 98F2EB6Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F57C64C0h
not     eax
add     eax, 177A0EE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 54052CB1h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F858A139h
xor     eax, 0BB6F369Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2590475Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 27124D84h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 60459E0Ah
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0D7585EC2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B8F6692Ch
add     eax, 65BC48AAh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ACFEC545h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 92FF8B9Bh
sub     eax, 0A73F2A3Fh
add     eax, 1B83EFA5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7D67BCD0h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BAFA7FF7h
add     eax, 0FFCF97D3h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 2436A543h
sub     eax, 0C90DB135h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 52F8025Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6D726F24h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0FBA43D76h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 6710E356h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0F6D85598h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AE285CA4h
not     eax
add     eax, 365BA755h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0F6E65782h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 4769F53Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5CCF8F4Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 35B3DC62h
xor     eax, 40FEC4F3h
add     eax, 7EB45C99h
sub     eax, 7B924337h
add     eax, 8A051551h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C30E9BE1h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0E018A7E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 896E1AE2h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0C247EBF4h
xor     eax, 2C1918B9h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 11D9D166h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D229A034h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 3B334F47h
add     eax, 0D1E379C4h
add     eax, 8C97868Eh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0ABC47370h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0B99DF954h
xor     eax, 44B10BFEh
not     eax
add     eax, 73E370E1h
add     eax, 7CBDD8B4h
sub     eax, 0DD2E32BDh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 7F4E3C99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 6072BB70h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 603C240Ah
sub     eax, 61E0CBF9h
sub     eax, 0FF5D7800h
xor     eax, 29889294h
not     eax
add     eax, 811CBD1Dh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9F08A992h
xor     eax, 76A0AD96h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 4F5EAED1h
add     eax, 295BDCFDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F7B4763Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 75D2C627h
xor     eax, 0F5D29EEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 106E8198h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 377936BDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 730CE5F2h
sub     eax, 705FF268h
xor     eax, 29075ED1h
xor     eax, 4404821Bh
xor     eax, 60A0D8C2h
xor     eax, 0B3C1FA2Fh
xor     eax, 9501906Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 761F7EF3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 6C8C51B0h
add     eax, 0F07D49E8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E18AEDBBh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 58F1E99Ch
xor     eax, 8F59EDFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 9BA31FA4h
add     eax, 8ADCAD0Eh
sub     eax, 4AD14D81h
add     eax, 6B41762Fh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E117D576h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0BC0296DCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E5E29559h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0E4D69092h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0ED3431B9h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 8F706E21h
sub     eax, 1E653E31h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 6DFDEBA1h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E024FB11h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0E2EE3B8Eh
sub     eax, 6A198670h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0BF30BA9Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A8D26464h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0B8608FBBh
add     eax, 188D7135h
add     eax, 9F023F94h
xor     eax, 40F940D8h
add     eax, 65E7202Bh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 65C7BC14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F9889A69h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 7BCA638Ah
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0B57D4930h
sub     eax, 0B2F8D111h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 1FA7C620h
xor     eax, 0F434236Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0D666F6C9h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F0208B0Dh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 6071E97Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 709A0F9Ah
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DB148FC8h
sub     eax, 9B5137BCh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0BD77AFD9h
xor     eax, 0D4FC4F69h
sub     eax, 0EAB123D2h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0C9167571h
sub     eax, 324C7015h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 356E6DE2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 6D13388Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5F11A56Ah
add     eax, 9026A3C4h
sub     eax, 0C5478699h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 3E71A62Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 4F1777A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D187292Dh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 3048EB10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 2DBAECDBh
add     eax, 118D80FAh
sub     eax, 91FE2602h
xor     eax, 36A0B432h
xor     eax, 0C1F7F58Dh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 727FBF44h
add     eax, 0EFA05207h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0D2AB296Eh
sub     eax, 0AE9AE5B5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0F6C72967h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0C74E273Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 4B803637h
sub     eax, 24A5BAE6h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 257E6B64h
sub     eax, 0F98A4053h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 5970B539h
sub     eax, 4FB57C32h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E9571536h
add     eax, 0E4DC31E6h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 7E1D3464h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0D78B5435h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A21E8410h
not     eax
sub     eax, 27DA64EEh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 8BCFC395h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3058B01Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0E577B7A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0D1B00724h
xor     eax, 0FA9725DBh
xor     eax, 8CBA9CFFh
add     eax, 0FA905B31h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FC219B9Ch
sub     eax, 0DD518E63h
xor     eax, 0C7D21EAAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ACE743CAh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 19D3C721h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0D7F958A4h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 6DD00169h
xor     eax, 917C5256h
add     eax, 0E435347Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 47CE57D9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 565715B4h
sub     eax, 53AC0166h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0AB28CF92h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0FC3AAB91h
add     eax, 2E0F0535h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0C4C4368Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8D88A76Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 83CE8B26h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 149FA7F9h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 1E354EA9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F529C712h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 8C84EF0Ch
xor     eax, 2332825Ah
sub     eax, 0DB600EF2h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 2DF634A9h
xor     eax, 5055F50Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 568FE7EDh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0B3BAB304h
add     eax, 0B8BE932Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E0F2697h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0C4E17576h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F02D9D62h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0CD17931Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EC70B8E8h
add     eax, 8CB37F69h
not     eax
add     eax, 11EDFD60h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7377D8CBh
xor     eax, 0F59E79E0h
sub     eax, 28784F52h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B15F29D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B0699271h
add     eax, 45A6D9FDh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E9996BB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A4499D3Ah
add     eax, 6A37E9A0h
add     eax, 0B80B870Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 146707A7h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 8CB5DF98h
xor     eax, 3690A087h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BDAE3CE3h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2DAF7E22h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 1BD2B485h
add     eax, 0C9CBFA88h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3EC07BAEh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 307FD050h
add     eax, 51BBFF46h
xor     eax, 0B870C7AEh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 114E9DEBh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A673FCB3h
xor     eax, 1A96F69Fh
sub     eax, 0B0A40BC0h
xor     eax, 3C70B0D7h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FE59542Eh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0ADBB9300h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DC36FA85h
sub     eax, 3127D92Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0BCC4EB2Bh
sub     eax, 7BFF22BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 99AD9162h
xor     eax, 0AD5926FBh
add     eax, 43DC647Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 35B1FA73h
sub     eax, 0F1F23F21h
xor     eax, 38C059C3h
add     eax, 27C29382h
add     eax, 23B9CAA7h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 44C49A4Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 967C677Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 1A1B5268h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 3702A9E9h
xor     eax, 0B4188402h
xor     eax, 85BC595Eh
add     eax, 0D892BB45h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3F615549h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5D1EE3C0h
sub     eax, 0CCAB5863h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 175421D2h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D5C64C2Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 1C32C220h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 1819AC78h
add     eax, 0EF4EF886h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 430D800Bh
sub     eax, 0E7D7A1A0h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 2E75BF06h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6655B032h
add     eax, 7F50DCE0h
xor     eax, 74A41B30h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 372C9D0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 68F96B11h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 8E755680h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 4BD98CA7h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 27C7B2BBh
xor     eax, 0E67E92ACh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 68C6C1ECh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5F658D0Fh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 74A3EFBDh
sub     eax, 6E4C201Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D55F787Dh
add     eax, 0A693410Ch
sub     eax, 977F9903h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0B5F2FA63h
add     eax, 67D07B86h
sub     eax, 796D3FE6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0ADDAFF04h
sub     eax, 0AA8099BAh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F77C316Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 5D62C433h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 40F018EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EA66B6B3h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 41BF602Ah
sub     eax, 0D8ADABD2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5D182497h
xor     eax, 9C248D3Eh
sub     eax, 736425C9h
sub     eax, 0BDE453F4h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 9B10CF90h
add     eax, 0B84FD49Fh
sub     eax, 2F55D999h
xor     eax, 0B4A0692Ch
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 9A8A48C5h
add     eax, 5CD61AD4h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0CFBC68AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 89D1C6CBh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E56742F3h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 7EE7E3A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0CFBD9BDAh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0E5BEF96Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7340EBC6h
add     eax, 3A93ABB1h
add     eax, 459A14F1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0AFB1C982h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0B5823C3Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 81A68027h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B236636Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7767CDDDh
xor     eax, 811C631Ch
add     eax, 1FD68A49h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E01B197Dh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 53AA169Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0E82AF5AFh
add     eax, 4E959682h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 657CE1D2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 870E2CB5h
sub     eax, 6E70B85Ah
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 1FF63CE9h
sub     eax, 0A3AD3E3Bh
xor     eax, 6CCC0F00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7B537FEAh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 149DB399h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 5DB484E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 9D396ABAh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0F523670Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0B40E9F2Bh
sub     eax, 2E16A90Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 7ACBFD4Ch
xor     eax, 36A7B4F9h
xor     eax, 219857B6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0AE86895Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 9D1718D9h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0ECC51DA7h
xor     eax, 0EF6BD88Eh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 52F9C984h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 3B77167Eh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0C5C8FB9Ch
xor     eax, 296C66FCh
sub     eax, 0F67B526Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 98C0A64Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 416F3824h
xor     eax, 31570E3Bh
sub     eax, 18F7A80Ch
sub     eax, 89575B3Ch
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0FDFB1DEDh
sub     eax, 0AF8EDC60h
sub     eax, 0C5836401h
sub     eax, 9B2DE2ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 33EDB15Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B819B0ACh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8A298624h
sub     eax, 638F986Ch
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 9F6015D7h
add     eax, 5B562687h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B8BA9B51h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0E5478BF2h
sub     eax, 0C3E4C105h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 9CE19F94h
xor     eax, 1E2215F2h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 2DAC8995h
not     eax
sub     eax, 358FF28Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0A8EAE874h
xor     eax, 0D48FF275h
xor     eax, 930F54BBh
xor     eax, 3C13E2D2h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7E704D00h
add     eax, 1EDCCDA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 28FF1DB6h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0FEBFA6E1h
sub     eax, 39C3FD53h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 7C8C7789h
xor     eax, 0AE20BC0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 68080941h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AEBEDF55h
sub     eax, 73E11E3Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0C1AEE9A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 120099E4h
add     eax, 933E2138h
xor     eax, 0EC3273D1h
add     eax, 0A8541AD2h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 91CC50BBh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0E4AA52F7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0FA769696h
xor     eax, 0D84936A6h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 79AA38FFh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8A398F8Eh
sub     eax, 2762C7B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 995273F8h
xor     eax, 201EF2E6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 997A7BA9h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0E08A717Eh
xor     eax, 3D405850h
sub     eax, 99BBF93Ah
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 72FBBEF7h
xor     eax, 6CE62241h
xor     eax, 1225F263h
xor     eax, 0D06D1C8Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AE7F1995h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0E5914F09h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 19A180A4h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 3FA9CA2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BD7BB2E2h
sub     eax, 6C911EDEh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 44D9F80Eh
sub     eax, 0FF72E61Eh
add     eax, 0FB825C55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F2C25704h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 55963BC5h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0C63F8022h
sub     eax, 4AC874E2h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0B56D9788h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6BC4DF54h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FB0320BCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0E4B7BFD8h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0DA004CE0h
sub     eax, 45CE4F9Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 83477BB3h
xor     eax, 0FCAE6F95h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0E6362561h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DBC33B09h
add     eax, 0F9E287FBh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0E8FB2B66h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0FCF51272h
add     eax, 0D9C5A9C5h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 7816B951h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 4DF56CB3h
sub     eax, 7D0AE0EEh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0F43627F7h
xor     eax, 4B8051FBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 953784F5h
add     eax, 261B3294h
xor     eax, 0BF081CEDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8B1E8AA6h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 96B4911Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B878E374h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C14AA9D3h
add     eax, 0C134D755h
xor     eax, 0FD4A8E39h
add     eax, 0E732DE96h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0F59D172Dh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 933463ECh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 5AADCCD6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F788A69Bh
sub     eax, 0DA962230h
add     eax, 53184FBAh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B02DF3BBh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 91570847h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 5E55EA13h
add     eax, 9B91D68Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0BDEE899Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 750EB975h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0FB4EDC66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 608504E7h
sub     eax, 558C08A7h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B8A259A1h
add     eax, 3D6C30BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 43E6232Dh
add     eax, 8D3A541Bh
add     eax, 487EAD26h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F133E65Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 844C03AEh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0D0BDED1Ch
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0DBFB6923h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D2B9643Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 256B56D5h
add     eax, 73AB8C33h
xor     eax, 1EFD79B3h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 63E6B5CBh
add     eax, 0B5DD5376h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F28ADB76h
xor     eax, 0AD93D42Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0B0A2E6EEh
sub     eax, 3D427560h
add     eax, 9793FCA2h
add     eax, 4FE1E908h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 4314CB82h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C46A0034h
sub     eax, 0DC5195CAh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0C6B10304h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 605DF6BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FBF8E05Bh
sub     eax, 10ED664Ch
xor     eax, 8574589Eh
add     eax, 0A6260306h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0DD946E74h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0B191375Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 3C8AEEB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EB6DBFA7h
add     eax, 41BCD81Ah
add     eax, 586B8DBFh
xor     eax, 92525DE2h
sub     eax, 0B35329EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3165C65Bh
xor     eax, 0FB56EA80h
xor     eax, 0CC3744A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ECE492D7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A222E2C2h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 818A1302h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 63B6EA1Eh
add     eax, 0A19EB8E6h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 246288FDh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 768407BBh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0DE4AB130h
add     eax, 0E53F7C1Ah
add     eax, 6B9923A1h
xor     eax, 0E4B0F05Bh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 415F730Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 15B6CE4Ah
sub     eax, 0CF722EB2h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FB82F307h
add     eax, 0C069D5EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1EB462F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 1EBF8A37h
add     eax, 0E90A6CF5h
add     eax, 0AB1BA42Ch
xor     eax, 0A3F9EFF4h
add     eax, 167890BAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B47BEFFFh
sub     eax, 0ADFF3417h
xor     eax, 5910A05Bh
xor     eax, 0E7E805A9h
add     eax, 0E1BC30B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9E79CD6Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 5DF713B1h
xor     eax, 0FF1275B8h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 776B8DC1h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0B82ADA11h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0B15C50D1h
not     eax
add     eax, 5B606CF1h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 57D1ED86h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 675EAD2Ch
sub     eax, 0D1A064FBh
xor     eax, 66C64474h
add     eax, 0A36B14EAh
xor     eax, 3A7D21F0h
sub     eax, 0A82C46EBh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 84D30D1Bh
sub     eax, 2F6D2298h
add     eax, 990F0B0Ah
add     eax, 52BA33EFh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0F80B07A0h
xor     eax, 0BAF47244h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 28A7321Ah
xor     eax, 291BBF21h
sub     eax, 82122E08h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 2D5F6E8Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0FDFF275Ch
add     eax, 1A0D4F97h
sub     eax, 5261DA75h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 68900BB5h
not     eax
add     eax, 6415967Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 87EC0A1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1C6BAC62h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 87E0A006h
sub     eax, 0E3A2FF79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EFDBC915h
xor     eax, 5EB65175h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 5D817780h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 1C24874Ah
xor     eax, 0E4F3F77Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E71E2BB4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FAAB4B37h
xor     eax, 84CAC6FFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 8E3555CCh
sub     eax, 0E4625528h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 9A2592C6h
sub     eax, 34DA11EAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 92BD6017h
sub     eax, 8A001839h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 9EC13D62h
sub     eax, 214699A1h
xor     eax, 0A53FBBDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0AB48C4A6h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FF4B3B4Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 8A413387h
add     eax, 68DCF649h
xor     eax, 798A2A5Ch
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 773ACB7Dh
xor     eax, 0C8892EC7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B06CE755h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 7A3EFCB9h
sub     eax, 1A6ACE2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 3B32EA7Ch
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F5844EADh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 870215BEh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E12C5E1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 1ED36788h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 92A0ED28h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5E45A369h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A9BAE917h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C189CA40h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 44A97F59h
add     eax, 8298C3ABh
xor     eax, 0F211D17Eh
add     eax, 0B8B0B145h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 409BE769h
xor     eax, 7774B145h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 6943F11Dh
add     eax, 0FD408D03h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 1476A969h
sub     eax, 0AA88CC70h
xor     eax, 7FF7A77Dh
add     eax, 0B9A280D7h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0C109C734h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 23D6A687h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 41986854h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 489BAC19h
xor     eax, 29FCFBC8h
add     eax, 3AAB99A9h
add     eax, 0BB69B155h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B8E352E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 920A8EA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E38EC5BFh
xor     eax, 0F7CC7F19h
sub     eax, 800BD117h
xor     eax, 0EEF2F0ADh
sub     eax, 0E10C0B3Bh
sub     eax, 538CA496h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 532E1709h
xor     eax, 8F981946h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 85DD79E4h
sub     eax, 0EA64CBA3h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F4261E92h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 84323EFFh
xor     eax, 50478485h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 51E5753Dh
sub     eax, 6F0ECFF7h
sub     eax, 0B97124D8h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0A2118B31h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 5DC94846h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B9ED4613h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0B238FF74h
sub     eax, 39406D77h
xor     eax, 13030488h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F5A63CC6h
sub     eax, 587BF14Dh
sub     eax, 10DC0CD7h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2BBD8D20h
add     eax, 0B2F8A5BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7A06F976h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 54690EBAh
add     eax, 7FC6490Dh
sub     eax, 53F6DF36h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 4EDFC3FFh
add     eax, 9223FD5Ah
xor     eax, 5FE1F627h
sub     eax, 368B218Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 89ABC286h
add     eax, 0E734776Dh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 56645D62h
sub     eax, 3F7426BEh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C34BB9EFh
sub     eax, 51FFF17Bh
sub     eax, 6D646010h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 5F101837h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 14293F05h
add     eax, 0EF630809h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 2D3EF4EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B36971F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0EDAFCECEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4BFFF36Eh
add     eax, 9851AA3Bh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B983D6E7h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0E6B3F0FCh
xor     eax, 0F4B076D6h
xor     eax, 0A4C6A3C2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CF09A7C7h
xor     eax, 9EB21AB3h
sub     eax, 0CD55BB19h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 7F57324Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0F38ADA81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5DB8DAD8h
xor     eax, 91BC02CBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 80007A70h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A08298FCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 56214E8Bh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0EF5F210Bh
xor     eax, 4CEE2024h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0E6BFA3B0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 4A2B81EEh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 34B669A4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F97628C4h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0B6E693DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F43A5E3Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 344BAD0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 736DDA82h
xor     eax, 0DB6DC4FFh
sub     eax, 703F35F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0B5F5816Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0C5A693BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 729257EBh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0A3BAAD55h
add     eax, 3A7F8590h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0C2A6CC73h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 2FEC727Ah
xor     eax, 44DEA109h
xor     eax, 9BF0149Bh
xor     eax, 0ADCF9A58h
xor     eax, 0E1D2448Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D1E88CF7h
sub     eax, 0C5ACCBE4h
xor     eax, 5E738D8Ah
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0D9E76AA6h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 87682A49h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 82AA18B2h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E8896178h
add     eax, 0D1AAA7BDh
add     eax, 1D75D21Fh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 6B5A28D5h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 4043A037h
add     eax, 0EA39148Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0A59DAF9Fh
sub     eax, 2539D4F2h
xor     eax, 1F9943DCh
xor     eax, 0C830A6D6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2C8BCAA9h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0C5F28742h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 11D4484Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 608BCC86h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A3615AF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F7A2BF92h
xor     eax, 385BB621h
add     eax, 76D3DFA6h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 44E464A0h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 6667185Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 211BD1A3h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 918914E8h
add     eax, 8118B387h
sub     eax, 68D44348h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 31A7205Dh
add     eax, 8A28FE7Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 6D644D1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6AAD8B96h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A0A329EBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 1DC2EE73h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D6FFA1A8h
add     eax, 1651C45Eh
add     eax, 0F6581EB7h
add     eax, 0F4CAFA95h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D002E7BFh
sub     eax, 73C95289h
sub     eax, 6665BC1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1C418CBBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F2B4A49Eh
xor     eax, 0F5C847A5h
add     eax, 34EA2AF8h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B31B9266h
xor     eax, 13640EE5h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9CF8EB5Eh
sub     eax, 4EF8D03Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2676601Fh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 72523190h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 6EA8F983h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 87D23E5Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5FF7F57Ah
add     eax, 2F711CEEh
xor     eax, 5C0A4622h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 4194577Ch
add     eax, 6BC9FB87h
xor     eax, 8508C5B8h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 89707CB1h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0D52386C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 98169599h
xor     eax, 655585EDh
sub     eax, 0F131C765h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 27B0FEADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4E3F705Ch
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 6650FC70h
add     eax, 317F0EA1h
xor     eax, 0EA1C8BF3h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 29D8C9BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8AB076E6h
add     eax, 660EF5D1h
xor     eax, 2AB3FEF8h
add     eax, 0EB2F91C8h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 9944F7B5h
add     eax, 0BA9D1B5Bh
sub     eax, 63EEB910h
add     eax, 0A69E9487h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6B0C7FA8h
xor     eax, 1CB17EE0h
sub     eax, 6EBFC143h
sub     eax, 0E0574809h
add     eax, 0F4EE97A1h
sub     eax, 638677EFh
not     eax
add     eax, 899893B2h
add     eax, 0A9853178h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1CE85885h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1CE51535h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 9678CED9h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0BB201FEBh
xor     eax, 0C6167121h
add     eax, 562D2050h
sub     eax, 26DCB722h
add     eax, 635358E7h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E3D01FBDh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 346D7E99h
xor     eax, 0E5359C92h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5B83AEE5h
add     eax, 0B88B09C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0DF5526E4h
add     eax, 0FFC8BC95h
xor     eax, 71120542h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 380B6E4Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0DD7B03BEh
sub     eax, 0DAB2B859h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0BD919B79h
xor     eax, 0B3C97882h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 94D391CFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AD0F95C1h
xor     eax, 0CDB1AB54h
xor     eax, 0EC70C87Bh
sub     eax, 62B5A6AAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 322E4D0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 46D0A35Dh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 43B1084Bh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0E325D209h
xor     eax, 0B4A99AFCh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B6D4C389h
add     eax, 56BA018Ch
add     eax, 91334895h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7236F4A6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D8B9F884h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0CE2337B8h
add     eax, 0E639154Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 6F17EBC1h
xor     eax, 22DC7BC0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 936F55CBh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0F3647503h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3141042Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A624A905h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 5B90B939h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 4ADEED41h
sub     eax, 0EAB846AFh
sub     eax, 6D7ED21Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F66B4156h
add     eax, 992A9AD6h
xor     eax, 0BE96F9D1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B946D3A4h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 598840CDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BAC52C06h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0FF17FF3Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0B390BA27h
sub     eax, 28728471h
sub     eax, 9B63225Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 5109A251h
sub     eax, 43D392B8h
sub     eax, 0BECF9578h
sub     eax, 3C7024FEh
add     eax, 1FBA6880h
sub     eax, 8EE7442Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0F0085928h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0F0E22F55h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0FA2EDA08h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 5FCFB103h
add     eax, 0D89962C8h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AACD8580h
sub     eax, 56F9CC2Bh
sub     eax, 473D1855h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 8C5C9526h
add     eax, 2072EBF1h
add     eax, 0F5D70512h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0C92252F4h
xor     eax, 86BD7675h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0A2BA0FD3h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 86BFEF1Dh
xor     eax, 6F9477DDh
xor     eax, 0B3DDD281h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 32E22259h
xor     eax, 0AD777BAEh
add     eax, 0C700CF61h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 79FCF15Dh
sub     eax, 0B90F68EEh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 20616AB5h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 796F2B03h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0D7F83CC6h
sub     eax, 5538AD24h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 104BBCA6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EF321F75h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 1A2FA6E1h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 78C4626Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B7F5A2A3h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0A57FDC56h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0B6B9E64Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DBE3C95Fh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 4165D1DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 81DB010Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 73004289h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 63864197h
xor     eax, 0EAF01E97h
xor     eax, 366D9B47h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F9A96220h
xor     eax, 0BD0E5431h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C6F8A591h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DFAB34F5h
add     eax, 23ED36D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 281A89CCh
sub     eax, 0C2162DADh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0A04B5589h
xor     eax, 4222AA0Eh
sub     eax, 38B43BA4h
sub     eax, 17FDD5AEh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C1E0CD17h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 6465889Eh
sub     eax, 2193519Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4B0D52A6h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0DB30E33Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F6E36B10h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D656D710h
add     eax, 0AC269CC8h
add     eax, 203B5589h
xor     eax, 0C981E8B7h
add     eax, 6E8D9378h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0B43676BDh
xor     eax, 1C3A24FCh
sub     eax, 0C0039EB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 3F0A6EB2h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E10D3CC9h
add     eax, 3A650405h
sub     eax, 0DF0A1441h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 86B43E0Fh
sub     eax, 0FDC68F47h
sub     eax, 8895D2EFh
xor     eax, 0BA407EB1h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 351B8CD3h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F724E2CFh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 962D02A8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 62506997h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 4BD6627Eh
xor     eax, 7B780361h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 41BB7D13h
sub     eax, 0CF4C1857h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C9E6FA54h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 3DF600DFh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 2742B7C4h
not     eax
add     eax, 9ED7B56Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 72A0B703h
add     eax, 0F69F82DBh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 1C681368h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 81E1379Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 4E1A2247h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 69613791h
not     eax
add     eax, 6B72188Fh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 52CD3F44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 69C2497Ah
add     eax, 93827666h
add     eax, 35763FFCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3166FF79h
not     eax
xor     eax, 97265003h
not     eax
xor     eax, 139B1EE8h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 768A893Fh
xor     eax, 0B36BC275h
xor     eax, 0AC85BA76h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 600D27AAh
xor     eax, 5006890Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0EBF4E2DDh
xor     eax, 5C81404Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 295346F8h
xor     eax, 0A93E0A4Dh
xor     eax, 9DEB0E3Eh
sub     eax, 386C5E2Eh
add     eax, 0C7A3CF17h
sub     eax, 3142FC37h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 92E0C4C0h
add     eax, 714F37B7h
not     eax
add     eax, 2B6509DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D98BB969h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 920ADBA9h
sub     eax, 71E4E89Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0C24054F8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 51906F33h
sub     eax, 7DE3D3C2h
xor     eax, 0CA1F3B87h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BDD79772h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 69041431h
not     eax
xor     eax, 41B2AED5h
add     eax, 93D46B49h
sub     eax, 308F404Fh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 863F0C48h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 792F0540h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 5EBF4A61h
xor     eax, 87A9E414h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7EA2DCBEh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 170282F2h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 48A48107h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 1396B6A3h
add     eax, 7FF64EBAh
add     eax, 0AA4D5B7Ch
sub     eax, 0B2AED9B9h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 75A36028h
add     eax, 24EC2858h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 3965E76Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 97838A47h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3C4F86EDh
sub     eax, 43C07B52h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 478B393Ah
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 64AE403Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0C8FA036Bh
sub     eax, 0C4A75DBCh
sub     eax, 0C9DBE5CEh
sub     eax, 0D1F27E78h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 827B594Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 412AEE1Fh
sub     eax, 40CA0D71h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0E5AD75C3h
sub     eax, 0CEA0B3A3h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 98120105h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 727ECA66h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0FC2D52FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C93B1B69h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1EFF7153h
sub     eax, 0D0CEBD74h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 756528AFh
sub     eax, 0BA2720A4h
add     eax, 19D100B3h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9036429Ah
add     eax, 0AB29218Fh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 5E252B92h
sub     eax, 1C458B51h
add     eax, 8B4696D4h
sub     eax, 4A4B8F06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4B0F1F76h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 1DED2DC4h
sub     eax, 0ED4765B2h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6C7BEB7Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F3A8326Bh
xor     eax, 9755E0F3h
sub     eax, 6FA573A8h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 68948C48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B09C069Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0D4246CA3h
sub     eax, 67D274AEh
sub     eax, 0BD172C08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AFC8A545h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0CFA4B24Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E2FC9BF2h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 6CCAB232h
add     eax, 5F29A70Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ADCABB1Ch
sub     eax, 0C67A8845h
sub     eax, 0BD9513A8h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EF783D09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9234E2F7h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 33373AC5h
sub     eax, 6DB92ED7h
xor     eax, 942B52F3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0A32A53A7h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0B34A167Dh
xor     eax, 1FDFD0CBh
xor     eax, 1C49C7C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6EE88AA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FAEB3F7Ch
sub     eax, 0FF44E9C8h
xor     eax, 545AA46Ah
sub     eax, 85A3D327h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0D6CBF896h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DD3A676Dh
xor     eax, 0BFCADE30h
sub     eax, 521A6576h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 17E1C720h
sub     eax, 7A055633h
add     eax, 0FFBF48D7h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C33AC2ACh
xor     eax, 738CF622h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 55348CCFh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D7F27DA8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 8CF08762h
add     eax, 0A5657796h
xor     eax, 0B183E057h
not     eax
xor     eax, 331D4D39h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0AAB9FF55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1D02E16Eh
sub     eax, 341F7CB2h
sub     eax, 7AD1DAEDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0B6957FFEh
add     eax, 9A5EE00Bh
add     eax, 9F1F01D7h
sub     eax, 91BDA15Dh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 8A523120h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 673F9994h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 47E78B09h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 45BA4296h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0D0FCC28Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4F1BA8C9h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 940B452Dh
xor     eax, 850D8A90h
sub     eax, 0D8C984C7h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0ABFFB09Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0FBE01E1Fh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0A5778E6Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0ECAA0EBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1ECDC86Fh
xor     eax, 0D67D720Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 74C89063h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B097BC80h
not     eax
sub     eax, 262F5236h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 3C1BB7B6h
sub     eax, 0AAE1E379h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 1E159E27h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6A823FDDh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 3476324Dh
sub     eax, 0FAFEF564h
xor     eax, 99370CFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 30187875h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0F8733EE4h
sub     eax, 0BB779A91h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EAC0CF19h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 92804206h
add     eax, 0B2C49DA5h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 53671C3Dh
sub     eax, 4E9711A7h
sub     eax, 0B9E24668h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B66F58EBh
xor     eax, 981D2C3Ah
add     eax, 1C09577Eh
xor     eax, 39719543h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 95BD1DF5h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B9F45CBBh
add     eax, 7BA4A5B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 67EDB4B6h
not     eax
add     eax, 4832E0C9h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 812489E8h
add     eax, 0F8794FE1h
add     eax, 86B9AE4Fh
sub     eax, 95C90C90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CF6ACC6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A0FEA0B5h
xor     eax, 0D770797Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0A3B02D68h
add     eax, 0C9041ED5h
xor     eax, 9FE4FAF7h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 1233CDB0h
add     eax, 41277C04h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 858456B5h
sub     eax, 5460F55Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E31E35ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 40BCEF32h
sub     eax, 0FB55B79Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3E66E324h
xor     eax, 7DDF43BFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 9B15D2F7h
add     eax, 24712D36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 878E6600h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3BB05753h
xor     eax, 8CD140B4h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 1038896Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0E04B84C1h
sub     eax, 0B45B7F6Dh
add     eax, 7F910769h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B84AF1A2h
add     eax, 39DF4F69h
xor     eax, 0EDBAF135h
not     eax
add     eax, 42F13A84h
xor     eax, 0FC70C127h
xor     eax, 72BD173Ah
add     eax, 0BFE03D4Eh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C81BE06Dh
sub     eax, 96C3157Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F5E83226h
xor     eax, 29DD8DBBh
add     eax, 0EB7C52FBh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 3A711995h
xor     eax, 5674262Ah
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 142A8DA6h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 91232F01h
xor     eax, 0CBBF4DB9h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0AE7771F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D210C93Ah
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0A6C5AF25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 89C81E20h
add     eax, 0D31F3143h
add     eax, 0A1A3614Dh
sub     eax, 0EA04F272h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0B309171Fh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 2C2C31A0h
sub     eax, 0B7E0FCF7h
xor     eax, 0B78F9522h
not     eax
add     eax, 29E27E86h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E44184C4h
add     eax, 5C3100AEh
add     eax, 88A30526h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 595FA169h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D8FD3EC0h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0EA52DCB8h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 1EE803ABh
sub     eax, 37443325h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3B5A4452h
sub     eax, 37395D5Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 4818CC73h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3686454Ch
xor     eax, 86DF13B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B1A2450Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0E6EB8A84h
add     eax, 0D71BFD06h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 798D11C0h
xor     eax, 0F7907AB4h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 399E8C46h
sub     eax, 73921F85h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0F3F3624Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E1C0C965h
xor     eax, 7EF7BEE2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 954E4505h
not     eax
xor     eax, 30229C7Dh
add     eax, 0D32BA875h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 1839056Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DE0EDE21h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 2BEAE7D3h
xor     eax, 12A3CFE7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1E94B5D7h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F91373BFh
sub     eax, 0CCD5DDB5h
add     eax, 0E37CD1A7h
add     eax, 9883489Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 69B0ADCCh
add     eax, 31905888h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C10B4996h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0BD186416h
not     eax
sub     eax, 43929EDAh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0C69D60F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 2EC33462h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 5D243A50h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0BFA75F65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4CF24EB2h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F401A1AEh
add     eax, 0A311DAE6h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0BA951BE3h
xor     eax, 1D6CA82Ch
add     eax, 0B8C122A5h
sub     eax, 78A7805Eh
sub     eax, 445739C2h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9AD2788Dh
add     eax, 568697F9h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0E368EDF6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C1E8B1BEh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 19DFA3DFh
xor     eax, 36577570h
sub     eax, 2BD398AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D4E9C69Ah
sub     eax, 0A99F1DDCh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0EB066099h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6968EFE2h
xor     eax, 515ABF41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A922428Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 991EAB6Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 92B2191Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 7483B41Fh
sub     eax, 0DCA272C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 932F2289h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 1E0FF327h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7774E819h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 6FDD9945h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0E8B2585Eh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0B6CBF4BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5A407475h
xor     eax, 0D5A8B168h
xor     eax, 5FD5F503h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D014DE04h
sub     eax, 0C7DDCAFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 725A7A32h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 70F51C15h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 3F77F615h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 49884108h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 54D23F4Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 12208A4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5F196939h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0D59B3504h
sub     eax, 7D97A04Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 80C4A231h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3E2002CDh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E0182A28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E5C315BFh
sub     eax, 2DA5147Eh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0D24D3FFDh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0CD612F2Fh
add     eax, 0E1EEBAD3h
xor     eax, 999CDC74h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0A2CB54FBh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 60B514DFh
xor     eax, 0BB67FD44h
xor     eax, 3C34693Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0F6BE01EFh
sub     eax, 2FC81267h
sub     eax, 0A864309Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0A7938CF2h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E0203B18h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E950C08Eh
xor     eax, 0BA08F550h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F9CA39B6h
add     eax, 0CDF5972Dh
add     eax, 1E13DEC1h
sub     eax, 45C7C4E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9717723Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0E5EDA2E4h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 9761D9CDh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 645515A3h
sub     eax, 0E75997CFh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 74D238F2h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0DD90F6F5h
add     eax, 0F4331DECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DF768E88h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8859B4CAh
xor     eax, 0CA761908h
add     eax, 5EB75F88h
xor     eax, 97663AC1h
sub     eax, 608E159Fh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0C3B5CE6Dh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 3566E1DFh
xor     eax, 5E304541h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0B58502EDh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C19AD575h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 81BE2BA7h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0B8B17A91h
add     eax, 5EEDCEBAh
xor     eax, 9A8C7ED0h
sub     eax, 1A3CB94Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A91AE9F5h
sub     eax, 498C7555h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1D1C45E3h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 7BD58C05h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 5DC30638h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2D1317EDh
sub     eax, 0F6F0C452h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0ED623BC2h
sub     eax, 0E926F5CAh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 72987A2Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 7361BC20h
sub     eax, 3FDA0F2Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 21307479h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4985AF36h
xor     eax, 4F51C2ECh
xor     eax, 3D582DC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 72287DC4h
add     eax, 6EF537E8h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 829974C7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 31C79E70h
not     eax
sub     eax, 90E2F59Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 5EAF5890h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7B855B8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CFC45C41h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 253E9C2Fh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0D3A0B2FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B600AD56h
add     eax, 540FC371h
not     eax
xor     eax, 311B97CBh
sub     eax, 68540563h
not     eax
add     eax, 4D7E3891h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 2327257Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6E4E4BB3h
add     eax, 0A1783BF1h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 1639A327h
add     eax, 0AB41EC71h
add     eax, 0E5472FADh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AA360955h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 5A6C111Fh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1CDED04Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 7C08BDB3h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FA9B8A29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 448E067Eh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0B2683E0Bh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 2E2063F7h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 4119CEC0h
not     eax
add     eax, 37D8FDBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2AD1B4DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 89D45728h
add     eax, 9858DD59h
sub     eax, 44C90931h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 8D26F237h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0AB02F565h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 512724CFh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 4CF907C8h
xor     eax, 5F791564h
sub     eax, 53E8AC7Fh
add     eax, 2E7B0CE7h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0FC521378h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 7388FDC4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0F578C348h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 809D513Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 47B3C1DDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4B54447Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 4B00421Ch
add     eax, 0FC250067h
xor     eax, 1A79A347h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0AE9B3ECDh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 39B11D68h
xor     eax, 9296A76Fh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 89D6DC90h
xor     eax, 0F24FB5E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7F9AE695h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 7300EA56h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 5BE08D5Eh
xor     eax, 0DFD93B38h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FF34375Dh
add     eax, 0B1D53C8Ah
xor     eax, 0D4EEAA20h
add     eax, 7A1EBC3Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0F9CC7168h
sub     eax, 47CEFDA4h
xor     eax, 57EF97A9h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0D03E4237h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0D79F93FDh
sub     eax, 451AAC76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D53CD9A6h
sub     eax, 8A10C320h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 268A75D6h
sub     eax, 0A4A782B8h
add     eax, 1CD4D857h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5399CA0Ah
xor     eax, 6D0BE71Ch
add     eax, 0EF84822Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C834487Eh
sub     eax, 6645BA77h
sub     eax, 0A635DAA6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FBAB7691h
add     eax, 0ED9BF00Eh
add     eax, 219E26C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AAED6C45h
add     eax, 8C71AED6h
xor     eax, 8BC005EEh
sub     eax, 0DF6FC5F2h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 470D71C3h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 6F6C995Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A617E57Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 67BFD11Dh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0B67D5EFEh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 4E63E850h
add     eax, 0A5651BC2h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0E2E9C356h
xor     eax, 61BE9D0Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0B9DFB1FFh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0F307C6C2h
sub     eax, 0D0E4A5B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 92ED654Eh
add     eax, 2A37104Fh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 95F9B791h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 549437C3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 7C0573D2h
sub     eax, 4E4FA3E9h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0F05C5339h
sub     eax, 12D75F26h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6D765A0Fh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 9576F7E7h
sub     eax, 0E4ECB540h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D19B1AC3h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0F82AA1D1h
xor     eax, 3B538D94h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E33288AFh
xor     eax, 54F86C32h
xor     eax, 0FFEA6BFEh
xor     eax, 57301E6Dh
xor     eax, 6528C4BAh
sub     eax, 0A5551027h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BBD9C1F8h
add     eax, 72C15092h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2D26550Fh
xor     eax, 3DFBE262h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 920E877Ah
add     eax, 74A5D58Bh
add     eax, 6E60F8E4h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0D16ED370h
xor     eax, 6C49A9E2h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0E138CB63h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 43B2CD15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4F2BB397h
xor     eax, 49AB5039h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0D4D17EB0h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CB998DDAh
add     eax, 741333FAh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A506C96Ah
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0F6A3F164h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DD877F0Dh
sub     eax, 0C26269BBh
xor     eax, 9E057350h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B23E2F56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0AA7BD350h
add     eax, 0B948FFD7h
sub     eax, 6035AF11h
xor     eax, 215A5736h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0FE3BE815h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0B571F8E1h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 25F3103Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0F3E67F10h
add     eax, 2DE23821h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 71972DACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4685CF1Bh
sub     eax, 0C8355535h
sub     eax, 0E0575E84h
sub     eax, 7D10C68Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 3FAAC6BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3020B395h
sub     eax, 0BD6474D8h
xor     eax, 90ACDB88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0C1C61C14h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0D8479899h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AF106994h
sub     eax, 0F46DFDB8h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 38675997h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4B2D4985h
xor     eax, 0EC21E007h
sub     eax, 3F543A77h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 5CA5771Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 48E72FFEh
sub     eax, 0E6FD6091h
sub     eax, 6E708A51h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0FB3D5C23h
add     eax, 0EF1DB7C9h
add     eax, 79B25AEAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2809BBFEh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0BA603F47h
add     eax, 0D20FE653h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8B9B8142h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 52E1C431h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B3CF3C6Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A3789067h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AE9B808Dh
sub     eax, 77495FD5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F520886Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 923221DFh
add     eax, 0BA7C3F67h
xor     eax, 550CA039h
xor     eax, 0EB31B6F6h
add     eax, 0FEDC6715h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0CE7F7BDFh
add     eax, 0C03FEF7Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8FEC6DA1h
sub     eax, 0A8D7609Fh
sub     eax, 0E9C6B41Ah
add     eax, 0D62097FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A7BDB219h
add     eax, 690A5256h
sub     eax, 8FD3B556h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0D25FE6FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3636BEDDh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0FDBD9D9Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 51618313h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0E4E696C6h
xor     eax, 71DC42C5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 37817412h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 67975F2Ah
xor     eax, 259896B5h
sub     eax, 2F143EF1h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0F3C28671h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 29454548h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 6E1AEC97h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 17925996h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 43EF4F92h
sub     eax, 0C53F6A68h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0F300EB7Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0BEFC962Dh
xor     eax, 1050073Fh
xor     eax, 81640AFBh
add     eax, 4FC06BB6h
xor     eax, 0E52E9DFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 84CFE245h
xor     eax, 0A6BD9491h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9657A149h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2880798Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BD6222B3h
xor     eax, 2D3CC1CEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8E87B44Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0CB761C9Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C8EFBE4Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 950E71FAh
add     eax, 6333254Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5ABE9559h
sub     eax, 0D6DF9DE8h
sub     eax, 8C77D2B9h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 949455D2h
add     eax, 62D12B87h
not     eax
xor     eax, 16F30B14h
xor     eax, 5DBCF8B0h
sub     eax, 0BDBFC79Ah
add     eax, 0C3E54E14h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 23649B62h
sub     eax, 8F70A3BEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 34DC26ADh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0C3F0A457h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EC98DCC8h
sub     eax, 90AD2D27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 88223304h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CD34F23Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 34AC96FAh
sub     eax, 0EABCEB01h
sub     eax, 829A2B97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5AE50F9Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 961F54C5h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 7BD1357Fh
sub     eax, 0D07665B8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1EEA1624h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 46C06251h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8F618350h
xor     eax, 90953E4Fh
xor     eax, 0DE36C9DDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E307CE19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BF2C41C3h
xor     eax, 4BD7B5B2h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0BAFD1131h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E3DF226Bh
xor     eax, 1F8045F7h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0BBA56C1Fh
sub     eax, 5916D424h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6BD9B6E8h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 274BD6DCh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 9132FF6Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0FB1359F1h
sub     eax, 85C2E792h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 19A5E74Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B71BE543h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 6BCA12F1h
add     eax, 80C60BD2h
xor     eax, 0F254D94Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0DF13E95Ah
add     eax, 7F9705E7h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 590356FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 415456B8h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0ABC227A8h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 6AEAFDE4h
xor     eax, 5F4D2160h
add     eax, 512A836Fh
add     eax, 4DF6DC7Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 5AAC0034h
xor     eax, 0A16F58D6h
sub     eax, 0AB3C7B5Eh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 1F1318C3h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F41663EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FA96A69Dh
xor     eax, 0CA385A84h
not     eax
add     eax, 330A3339h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4C6B13D6h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 4F08EBC0h
add     eax, 0BF351096h
sub     eax, 1EBBF79Ch
add     eax, 37B1AE6Eh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0F871719Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 486A578Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CF8E7B34h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 840CEB72h
add     eax, 2B31B591h
add     eax, 4A234302h
sub     eax, 0FB30C423h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E5ECE43Dh
add     eax, 63836555h
xor     eax, 0DFF0062Ah
add     eax, 0FD6C6B00h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A191C240h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 596730FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0C183B013h
add     eax, 473688E9h
xor     eax, 8C88003Fh
add     eax, 0E87AA1AAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7E6C8DC3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8768E885h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BC94E620h
sub     eax, 0F0139F91h
not     eax
sub     eax, 96EF6983h
xor     eax, 0F2BB6E16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E07DADB3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 2B8F52E3h
sub     eax, 0A063424Ch
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DEF62661h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 297296A2h
sub     eax, 4FB5F7DDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ED57F28Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 4B034637h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0ACC42F78h
add     eax, 75716C3Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 3F3679ABh
not     eax
xor     eax, 92F7963Ah
xor     eax, 3D4BD5E2h
add     eax, 0F172F64Ah
sub     eax, 3F9B76A0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6E575F8Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0B162EC66h
xor     eax, 648ECF69h
sub     eax, 0C1B32D12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 9BDD66F7h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0C7E610D4h
sub     eax, 679259BCh
add     eax, 0CB78B570h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 60DD6994h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A0F0E7ECh
sub     eax, 40210375h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 40956242h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C92C2038h
sub     eax, 50BF0EDAh
xor     eax, 0A8E821A6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 557493EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 678FD539h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 97B8E223h
xor     eax, 666C3263h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E3CCD297h
add     eax, 6F4D5C92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C1F9E91Eh
add     eax, 0E1068563h
add     eax, 604F6290h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 17816044h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F3C1A90Ch
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 45B74C00h
xor     eax, 0AF74ED6Eh
sub     eax, 3CC9EA06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E9B93724h
sub     eax, 0D664C566h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 66787E65h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EAFD3B1Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 8093CCF6h
sub     eax, 0D30DDBCAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CEC93398h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DC454E2Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0C8983DF9h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 88DFBF4Ah
add     eax, 3D57EEF9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 7F219A96h
xor     eax, 0ACDBA8E3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0AC85CF13h
not     eax
add     eax, 99D7A8EEh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D02458D2h
not     eax
add     eax, 8BAF0993h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0DE5D5B52h
sub     eax, 8EB01EF5h
xor     eax, 31E7546Dh
add     eax, 0D2D31950h
xor     eax, 0DE9DD373h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0D32A8D83h
sub     eax, 0CFB93D6Ah
xor     eax, 0E65467A6h
xor     eax, 8B8296C9h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8059859Bh
xor     eax, 8BE83EADh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0D5B76661h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0E8D4925Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 95A30C84h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 777F4FFDh
add     eax, 2CDE90C4h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 4458106Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0CA5FCBC8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CD788EDEh
sub     eax, 859C60C5h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A2CAC357h
sub     eax, 0AB278B7Bh
add     eax, 0B71AD7CFh
add     eax, 1E66B531h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0EEA8B890h
xor     eax, 0DAD84489h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 39E31E56h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 1045D53Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4B7F27ECh
xor     eax, 1D4428B6h
sub     eax, 986997A0h
add     eax, 0E7E08F1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 6688A2D2h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0B29E7EABh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FF2BE82Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CEF9ADACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A2C96A0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA4EB604h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E59114B1h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 1506A802h
add     eax, 31FB8105h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 62051E1Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 571ACDA0h
sub     eax, 0ADC975F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F30A62CEh
xor     eax, 0AA7B0B10h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 9C6B2D7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DC5CB122h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0C082B7EEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EE966A49h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0DF38AD72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF12D461h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3BA22196h
add     eax, 0EB8B7A1Bh
sub     eax, 0F9E0FDF3h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0B1680A98h
xor     eax, 0BFAAC79Ch
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0D1600D10h
sub     eax, 0B0990E40h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 6F4398F3h
add     eax, 415535B7h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 9F83F2F5h
sub     eax, 6F0EEFEEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5E238681h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 7E35AFD5h
xor     eax, 0E08226F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 54617E99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0D3FB7050h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 1D018E40h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A8F3C3F8h
sub     eax, 5B6FF809h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0BC83D304h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0A9DABDFFh
add     eax, 4C7B057Ch
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 39D11971h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7E54CD04h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EEF7A5BFh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0BEC29496h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7463E52Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0AD0DEEA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C5E10275h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 864E65BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 55D3FA85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BA7BB211h
xor     eax, 0BEC67480h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0AA5893CDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CF7AD441h
add     eax, 79083FDDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 46F16B78h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 8D0BB85Ch
xor     eax, 558FA8DCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 90DE916Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 210949E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 74E606EEh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0E510C832h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0B913765Ch
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 17C10650h
sub     eax, 18FBAF91h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 9B45A5E4h
xor     eax, 0B95BBE39h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 35D55352h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0CE0EB4C1h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 4C6357C5h
sub     eax, 255BF70Bh
add     eax, 0A56B6517h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 6E8727C0h
not     eax
add     eax, 568CC6F5h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 11A1371Ch
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0B158B27Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A26D228Eh
sub     eax, 0C43E421Dh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 78771BBEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6B3B1015h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F3813AB3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 67F21C28h
sub     eax, 0D0B295A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0D26DA6A8h
xor     eax, 0FE18106Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D74A4809h
xor     eax, 685A115Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 1442C1A8h
sub     eax, 9C133604h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0B2ACA905h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6B65E7C7h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0DF67121Fh
add     eax, 96981F02h
add     eax, 0C3D99F38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4A792BA9h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7567E81Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 561AE9C8h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0E3211CECh
xor     eax, 767B49AFh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 7A39C9A5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 722A041Dh
add     eax, 0F7CAF9E6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E31923FEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0CC63CD15h
add     eax, 4A9F7B6Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 92EEDF93h
xor     eax, 3BE9DE33h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 71FC23E0h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0AD7961A7h
sub     eax, 48DFD154h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 1B7014D7h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0AEB95B0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F7035DEBh
sub     eax, 0C69F573Dh
xor     eax, 112144F3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DD08AA3Dh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 7271C2DCh
xor     eax, 2BF5BE6Eh
xor     eax, 426A1F16h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 69BF11A5h
xor     eax, 1795C979h
add     eax, 0B1131F98h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 6FE6DF11h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 179139ABh
sub     eax, 10C016A8h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B8A6C00Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 4893D545h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0B656E98Bh
add     eax, 9A41DFE3h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0AF6B286Ah
sub     eax, 0C8ED8B6Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9C2119B0h
sub     eax, 7847066Dh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 4AAACD06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FACBEDBFh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F75C9E60h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 636B53DBh
add     eax, 877F6C2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 596E960Ah
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0FE7B951Eh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0EA3D13E6h
xor     eax, 9AF55AF0h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0DDCD18D0h
xor     eax, 39E0FF52h
add     eax, 197E9B3Fh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 0B1EB3497h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1995E9BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4792C26Eh
sub     eax, 164E3535h
sub     eax, 4B9A0161h
xor     eax, 31629303h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EDFC7046h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7FC31117h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 3F7D552Ch
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 4D75877Dh
add     eax, 542F8B8Fh
sub     eax, 0F18CCE54h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C1F90301h
sub     eax, 1E3D7D99h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2121292Bh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 33CD2479h
add     eax, 0C8C44E45h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0BCF577BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 2620E454h
not     eax
xor     eax, 869FF901h
xor     eax, 1A389FD0h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0AC2533B3h
sub     eax, 0E35370EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BE83063Fh
xor     eax, 669994B1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4F932F2Dh
xor     eax, 0D5563EA8h
sub     eax, 79BC8AC3h
add     eax, 0C664833Eh
add     eax, 4CA64660h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 1B873C8Dh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 794318E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C6B135EAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D925DBCDh
xor     eax, 0C4ED3EF5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0E2FFC6B9h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 4A84FA7Fh
xor     eax, 7E781151h
sub     eax, 0B3CD576Ah
add     eax, 3AB04D1Ch
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0CBABB16Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FE838600h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5D945FDDh
xor     eax, 0E79A466Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0E2067B90h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 39C8D28Eh
sub     eax, 0E0F71417h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B003AD8Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 33E71609h
xor     eax, 0F5258EAFh
sub     eax, 0F571031Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 15429E6Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1C9C5127h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 4D414BD9h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 18E78044h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 5E56C408h
sub     eax, 0EF556541h
add     eax, 55689AB9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 833B5AA5h
xor     eax, 7A5F9ED9h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 90F11F51h
add     eax, 7DB54A71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ADDA8E9Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 93D66A8Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 59798537h
add     eax, 0C3EAA84Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 325ABAB8h
sub     eax, 0E0C08324h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 39B6DA3Dh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0D773878Bh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0C4656E14h
add     eax, 64BD49F8h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 49011F99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 6DC46737h
not     eax
sub     eax, 82EBF9C4h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 1C14F38Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 79017806h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 767BEB83h
xor     eax, 8778E782h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7681569Ah
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0FB6B553Ah
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 47128692h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 473C3B7Bh
sub     eax, 64FF6642h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0F646457Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2EF699CAh
sub     eax, 0F2A8AC2Ch
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 287CC9E4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BD11F878h
sub     eax, 0AB9DFDD1h
xor     eax, 12A33FE3h
not     eax
add     eax, 2E017F2Ah
xor     eax, 5F90E51Dh
add     eax, 0EB6340EEh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0E30D8E2Bh
add     eax, 0E7A523B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5BFED733h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DA984CD4h
sub     eax, 0C4E3549Ch
xor     eax, 80253D8Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8E0EA968h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 831D5ACFh
add     eax, 374B8F0Fh
xor     eax, 3FA1F778h
add     eax, 7A82AEF7h
add     eax, 316BC524h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 5B7A7697h
add     eax, 3DF4F745h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C986B940h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0E41AB68Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7971370Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 21E277C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C6E38EBCh
not     eax
add     eax, 1FF8765Dh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0C319509Dh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 3603EC2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0BFF99F36h
add     eax, 0D6736AF0h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 80CBC9C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 79D951E3h
xor     eax, 94E71163h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 66EC165Fh
sub     eax, 21A025E0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3DCB1DEAh
xor     eax, 0D981499Ch
xor     eax, 0D537DB17h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8F4F823Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0CB15B5D3h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0A39C50DAh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CD7F8911h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FC89984Bh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 664C4A6Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 2FC011CCh
add     eax, 0C95DA47Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 69DD50DFh
sub     eax, 5129D899h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 27DB6F43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E1AA9A7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BC2DCF43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A8DB6CE5h
sub     eax, 73A9F83Ah
xor     eax, 8BE89854h
xor     eax, 1CE8CBAAh
xor     eax, 0F0A099AEh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 90E2F040h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9AAB59A4h
sub     eax, 332F9B13h
xor     eax, 0DC262174h
xor     eax, 7A4B3C45h
add     eax, 3BD16D7Ch
xor     eax, 0E8BE8381h
sub     eax, 80A375CDh
xor     eax, 7463A225h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 941F9591h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 280BB225h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BBE875F1h
sub     eax, 87F7BF4Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 34F526A5h
xor     eax, 0B09DE938h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 7E39C624h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0F24021C8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 36823727h
add     eax, 3FC4112Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 9F538364h
xor     eax, 0DD835682h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FAEB59DBh
xor     eax, 0A00C39C9h
xor     eax, 462347FFh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 9417ECAEh
sub     eax, 0FF72D634h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 5D9B215Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 7B936AFDh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0A407CA87h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D386DFA9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0E28EECA2h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0C85987B8h
add     eax, 0B568DB9Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 5BBC7337h
sub     eax, 22A4B0CCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 41B2D165h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 82842D56h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0CA6104AAh
xor     eax, 0A742AC56h
xor     eax, 0FF8E2FC0h
sub     eax, 0F58C5D80h
add     eax, 0A6AD9760h
sub     eax, 0DDAF01A2h
sub     eax, 0A1B4A8B8h
sub     eax, 6A26DA59h
xor     eax, 0E16FCE65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B7A1ED90h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 8EC80C27h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C2D1B112h
xor     eax, 0F8797A9Fh
add     eax, 80EB42CFh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0FE36EC40h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C31ECCBBh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 1A4D9602h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0ADAB4563h
xor     eax, 43510C0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CE8FA132h
add     eax, 0F85A3F75h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C4159B21h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0D2EE651Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9385F19Eh
add     eax, 33FC431Ah
sub     eax, 7E5D8B7Dh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 25BA9960h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 8C870EC4h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 2B1BFF4Ah
add     eax, 23FA3ABDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8E93B3D9h
not     eax
add     eax, 229002CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 885EA9E2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 239CEADFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 64A8D29Ah
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 6DCBDCDEh
sub     eax, 0C442A7E4h
add     eax, 6FB3F027h
xor     eax, 906CAEEEh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 11743CC0h
sub     eax, 0AE376B85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B638BD8Fh
xor     eax, 0F7747CDAh
add     eax, 1FE2FABEh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 72FE2603h
add     eax, 1D0F9CA0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2F463616h
add     eax, 4A94FB46h
xor     eax, 6CC3A3CAh
sub     eax, 6B702C08h
sub     eax, 825FBF7Ah
add     eax, 0FF18D886h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CB598C8Fh
xor     eax, 0E3EF7DA1h
sub     eax, 0BBA11DA3h
add     eax, 30ABFD64h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0CD203795h
sub     eax, 250F3C6Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9C017AF4h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CA9AC399h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0EC3D0B54h
sub     eax, 0B91DAEDDh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 57980F8Ch
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0DB7C0707h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 2145EB31h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 4E811908h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3050C066h
xor     eax, 37F86A5Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 4E99B0C5h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 612258CFh
xor     eax, 6B2A92D4h
add     eax, 87FD7E47h
xor     eax, 15247FD7h
add     eax, 4B70AB55h
add     eax, 0AAE8823Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0FD7DA884h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 81CCC6F5h
sub     eax, 9199BD80h
sub     eax, 8D4254F6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 753330E1h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 74980806h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 1581A357h
xor     eax, 0BD7371D8h
add     eax, 7F8D960Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DE225AF3h
sub     eax, 253FD5F0h
xor     eax, 2C6291BAh
add     eax, 2D847ABEh
sub     eax, 0FF306689h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 12D3138Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 38AC314Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 89FC55ECh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 8029693Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3322224Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 17380A33h
sub     eax, 938326A7h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0D4C13434h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0B7D4B940h
xor     eax, 0FB8C5523h
add     eax, 0BB9986CEh
sub     eax, 0BB8A45A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8047A49Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0FA9C7AF9h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 72D94573h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0A58AFB55h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2091077Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CB4C5A62h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 2FF41432h
xor     eax, 42A8ABD8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3947BE65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 3673B307h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AFDC12ECh
add     eax, 4EF46D7Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 2D3B5136h
xor     eax, 335664B2h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 24A14558h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D51FA675h
add     eax, 4C7ACDE7h
add     eax, 2AD7F872h
sub     eax, 6E5FD12Ch
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 486AA866h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 9743EDBBh
add     eax, 1800F6B9h
add     eax, 0E3A29FA1h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0BF8FE5C9h
xor     eax, 393CCDCBh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 49325931h
sub     eax, 854F8B2Fh
add     eax, 15E5CA41h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 5AD7508Ah
xor     eax, 395DA840h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F80E2D88h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0E94C5C6Fh
sub     eax, 0B979C53Bh
add     eax, 0DE22E68Dh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 808DE5D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4E87A05Eh
sub     eax, 0EED44EB6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A66B39EDh
sub     eax, 0AE6E12C0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E93064F6h
xor     eax, 3FF7DE12h
sub     eax, 63BFBE3Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EFF807A2h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 85A3AC07h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 1EEE43CAh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 9943A8F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 15E1FD60h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0B88831C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 51803F6Bh
add     eax, 4F65BE84h
add     eax, 2497525Eh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0CB2999A3h
sub     eax, 8A0B5330h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9587110Fh
xor     eax, 84D4309Bh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 8FB4D4B7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CF0AB732h
add     eax, 86E9797Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0CC50F8B8h
sub     eax, 391EBD54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3CE325FFh
sub     eax, 0A2C3D1E4h
xor     eax, 37E443E4h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0D632195Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 171402DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6A613779h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DB234F24h
xor     eax, 1D35DC33h
sub     eax, 0C40A8C35h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FDC8B48Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9D2C10ACh
sub     eax, 47D149E1h
xor     eax, 6C281650h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E39A48CCh
add     eax, 89883264h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5E04C367h
sub     eax, 0CA8EDA1Ch
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 7F3BA0FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 826B914Dh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 6E16393Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6094CC6Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3F02C644h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C5403865h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 2169CB2Ah
sub     eax, 0F7D847DEh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0CB09C991h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 750095B5h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 792762AEh
add     eax, 0C4B0BB88h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF78783Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ACB21085h
add     eax, 99E13AC7h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 21ADB8E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3B3988E8h
sub     eax, 0A8A21459h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 17481ED4h
not     eax
add     eax, 43554715h
xor     eax, 0CF734197h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0BA2E761Bh
xor     eax, 0C24B8ECCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 67494007h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 5D30739Ah
xor     eax, 8A623362h
xor     eax, 4B773DF0h
sub     eax, 98D1F342h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 54D6F1CDh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 7ECC25AFh
xor     eax, 3075ECD7h
sub     eax, 0EADE4A79h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 649C7804h
sub     eax, 2EC54700h
sub     eax, 4B52A917h
sub     eax, 0D7C85FBCh
xor     eax, 0AE971931h
sub     eax, 0EADA120Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2DDF7F3Fh
xor     eax, 48816FA4h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 620E65BFh
xor     eax, 49217448h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0F84AEDDBh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 918B738Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B98A0B04h
add     eax, 0EE7FF5CBh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AD71B246h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2E6B328Dh
sub     eax, 0B5C0BEE3h
add     eax, 0DF49F1E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 17704899h
add     eax, 25F7BBB8h
xor     eax, 0DD777C1Ch
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0FED5DE0Bh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 185448CCh
sub     eax, 2D314F2Bh
sub     eax, 7EF46E96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F78E15AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 56FC9AF3h
add     eax, 0EBB82F66h
add     eax, 0A5047973h
sub     eax, 0DFDB9B7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0F40031ADh
add     eax, 89EB035Fh
add     eax, 73B21E69h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 3FC166DCh
xor     eax, 0CEFCA4C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 392640C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 50823DFBh
sub     eax, 1E7685D4h
xor     eax, 23C59A47h
sub     eax, 39A7F1E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 66D93ACEh
xor     eax, 8F760972h
xor     eax, 346BCDBBh
sub     eax, 0A1566198h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3CE96549h
add     eax, 0C8959F86h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0D8B08361h
add     eax, 0E368EDF6h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0D2B1F902h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1B6F401Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0B33EDD29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A3AF1F75h
add     eax, 6BC53AB2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6550398Fh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 342B05FCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 62FB853Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B8562D96h
add     eax, 947BE7E3h
add     eax, 0FE8242D2h
sub     eax, 71B29E6Ah
xor     eax, 225320E8h
xor     eax, 0A1E62B66h
xor     eax, 0A9503052h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 66313008h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 8DEB530Bh
add     eax, 97E92F11h
sub     eax, 0F68F92D1h
add     eax, 0D6A793CCh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DEF9E56Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 465570FAh
xor     eax, 0A2A643F2h
xor     eax, 6915ADF1h
xor     eax, 0A543240Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 875D43A0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1DAB2409h
sub     eax, 440F349Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B6DC5251h
xor     eax, 6A063CFCh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0DF10C9E0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FA61E6D7h
sub     eax, 0D089ECDDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D83E531Dh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FA1F2C28h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 505268C5h
sub     eax, 18BD9102h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0A2E2A4F6h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 8F5D5EE1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0E6A1054Eh
add     eax, 0C642E4E1h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 77499008h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 56BB4096h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 22497EBBh
xor     eax, 3E2E78EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 687C18A9h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0F3ADF253h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 872FCF28h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 5431DD6Eh
xor     eax, 9977F3D8h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 614B5EE3h
sub     eax, 0FFCF3A70h
xor     eax, 0C7B620D5h
xor     eax, 0AE24FC6Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0EBEE7269h
add     eax, 491A88EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0F0FC869Fh
add     eax, 793EFCC5h
xor     eax, 0B5A08D89h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AE9EF4A8h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B0F15E81h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 11716EFEh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 7B8410C3h
sub     eax, 8F27623Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 862368F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A348AD46h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0C4AF8B72h
xor     eax, 86910542h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 57C9E41Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 8599C11Eh
add     eax, 0F58B0CDCh
sub     eax, 274519D4h
sub     eax, 2B8AA50Ch
xor     eax, 8E6BB536h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 728DEB9Ah
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0A510FEF6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5E7D3F03h
xor     eax, 0D1A95AB3h
add     eax, 69115F09h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0A74FCBEDh
sub     eax, 294BA03Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DC7F9CC4h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 54065576h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 8D764A7Eh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 35D06BBCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 27B886F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0A8B4F35Ch
sub     eax, 84F8CA62h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 56A94F6Eh
xor     eax, 0C7CF01D4h
sub     eax, 6057DE87h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7F9A958Ah
add     eax, 610E477Dh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0E314B19Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0C0ADCFB6h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 41F452FBh
add     eax, 0EA2E8173h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0CBFEF102h
add     eax, 65A4EB96h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D2FF9401h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7B483CF9h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0CA401910h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 5A8A7DA2h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0B61DC2F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AC075BABh
sub     eax, 0FCA7508Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5CEB65FBh
sub     eax, 8CF62EC8h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1499D5B4h
xor     eax, 1885628Fh
add     eax, 0F094E9F5h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0D9547C1Bh
xor     eax, 4427F057h
xor     eax, 2F693D67h
xor     eax, 0BA4CCE79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4FB8B90Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 1D453BB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C56D30A7h
add     eax, 83C60B6Ah
sub     eax, 4C130CADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 343E86D5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 4944BD5Ah
xor     eax, 55353A73h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3628DE3Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 89031BE7h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 86D6B3DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 188C20F0h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0A580C0BCh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0C2B4CEB6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E5843C34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 76C58E63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D1492F55h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 249A610Bh
xor     eax, 5045B690h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 1100DCC1h
sub     eax, 38482085h
add     eax, 440550D9h
add     eax, 0B941EB3Eh
xor     eax, 0ECD6FAFAh
xor     eax, 0FC14A2EAh
add     eax, 5670D038h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B560051Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A34A83A8h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0CBCE6A85h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 6FF7BBD9h
add     eax, 5537C54Dh
sub     eax, 0B2DD7907h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4D89D96Eh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 9428AF8Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9CE42920h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5AFBC5A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 2B02CB0Fh
add     eax, 0F46C5FB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7C16C828h
sub     eax, 73DB7A9Fh
add     eax, 0FF2F2B0Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 1F7E83D6h
add     eax, 0FA759C38h
sub     eax, 0C47ADF37h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 73B24898h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 87ECC216h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C1823194h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F27EEE40h
xor     eax, 2DFF2613h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 331438FEh
xor     eax, 8DD8332Bh
xor     eax, 0F6F41808h
add     eax, 5D42B99Bh
add     eax, 0BDEB4BA4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3C993CA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 291CA311h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 73220588h
xor     eax, 0C848CF08h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D4078972h
xor     eax, 0BA824A56h
sub     eax, 96A4DE99h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 42F90D87h
not     eax
sub     eax, 578BB098h
sub     eax, 0D2D16D0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C128E5EDh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 5C40A597h
xor     eax, 6AD659EFh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4C032980h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0DBBC0294h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 3B2765DCh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 63A27EEBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CEC68EE4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 0B4A350A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2A6C59F2h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D56818B6h
add     eax, 0A3EE0943h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 879E743Ch
sub     eax, 73CDFDDCh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 889DE687h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 5B635F43h
sub     eax, 11674227h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C94F3AEDh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 77C2ABD1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A0A404B3h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D0BB46E5h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0B84159E3h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0ED1033C1h
xor     eax, 3AA79F51h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0F25446EBh
add     eax, 70E21195h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 6C41E312h
xor     eax, 0CECA68DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 18BCED16h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B3E6557Fh
sub     eax, 0B5F81D53h
xor     eax, 6DA36A72h
add     eax, 0BB2E4DA3h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E40D37D5h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 8166F553h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0EE02EB1Ah
sub     eax, 0E043147Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F033847Eh
add     eax, 3EAB6E8Ch
sub     eax, 4BC5BE83h
not     eax
xor     eax, 13833E2Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0CF97E180h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 56792671h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DE63D261h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 50104FE4h
sub     eax, 0BC672C23h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EE506A44h
sub     eax, 1E57FCC4h
xor     eax, 0A0047489h
not     eax
add     eax, 4CDD7646h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 29206EBFh
sub     eax, 832447A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B5C82AB9h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FA5023AEh
sub     eax, 0E58C35B2h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 1D913691h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0CC8F3FC9h
sub     eax, 0BFDDC75Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0CC5B3D05h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B391B778h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 36751E05h
add     eax, 0B5DA607Bh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 949BDFD4h
add     eax, 24BA8AFFh
xor     eax, 0D4B8FD8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 62155E03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AA0C3716h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 2D7E2ED7h
sub     eax, 44AD8C33h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9717AAD9h
add     eax, 24BC17CDh
xor     eax, 7AF4CA99h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 47D78A77h
add     eax, 5793C2A1h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 1E019E0Bh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E2366566h
xor     eax, 0AD24576Eh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 183B207Eh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0E0083556h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D005980Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7AD9EF5Fh
sub     eax, 6198CEB5h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 2CE244B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 492FF839h
sub     eax, 95D503DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 4CE1328Fh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 5588AC9Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3F8C020Dh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0F5A8F042h
sub     eax, 97474EEEh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 7771BF03h
xor     eax, 2D499B23h
add     eax, 113BE6C7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EF763C13h
add     eax, 0FEDAE8B6h
sub     eax, 9530EB66h
add     eax, 2F803B50h
sub     eax, 0F7C980FCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0B1E9A1DFh
sub     eax, 0D0AC1BCAh
sub     eax, 69A2213Ah
xor     eax, 0DF5CB460h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0FB21F70Fh
xor     eax, 9EA957FBh
sub     eax, 0BEB9D35Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 46A82599h
add     eax, 0FAC5C57Ah
add     eax, 0F80E92FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16550A97h
xor     eax, 0C3F41DA7h
xor     eax, 0AF99AC77h
add     eax, 15C5FAC6h
sub     eax, 0FD4BA813h
xor     eax, 0C6E9E076h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0D458914Ch
xor     eax, 1650A04Dh
add     eax, 0F0237F53h
add     eax, 72AFCB98h
sub     eax, 0E0BE6604h
sub     eax, 3D3F91ADh
add     eax, 0BCE6715Ah
sub     eax, 1136115Bh
xor     eax, 6E0F3DFDh
xor     eax, 778672DDh
xor     eax, 0D16A6C74h
sub     eax, 66552D1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 70DB5D72h
add     eax, 0A7452801h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0D41B8E50h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 82E5B119h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 47B8DBCFh
sub     eax, 0E2392C88h
add     eax, 0C387DF0Fh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 535B7302h
add     eax, 0D9DE45EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0C95EC255h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 2DA4595Eh
sub     eax, 176D341Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 34AE9428h
sub     eax, 0BAF89CA7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 6A27A138h
add     eax, 1E2C60D0h
xor     eax, 0C8DBF8DDh
add     eax, 0DB5F48BFh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 774F1006h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EF29CA36h
not     eax
sub     eax, 20EAA3C6h
xor     eax, 0EBD91EE1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 574C7BC3h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8FB0113Ch
add     eax, 0ED6145E6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0AAE64AB7h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B1B56F7Dh
sub     eax, 2EE8A691h
xor     eax, 0EB59346Bh
xor     eax, 0C294CF95h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0A756CAE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 652C0F22h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FCBE75B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0A078F1BAh
xor     eax, 0AA2879B6h
sub     eax, 2860A9E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 10A8F011h
sub     eax, 7733DB00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 692F9C0Dh
sub     eax, 0D498C779h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 9D90AC67h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 60B0C5A7h
add     eax, 0B030B58Ch
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 51F77653h
not     eax
add     eax, 46BEE97Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 95A7B92Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 901421D7h
sub     eax, 6B9C3317h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0CF870E66h
sub     eax, 0B98269EEh
sub     eax, 0B4BD772Bh
xor     eax, 0EE5B1BE1h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EABF57EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0C9C5CB3Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 4BF82745h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 47C7B3C7h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 96397C17h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 56F9463Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DD2EC991h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0ED6AFD56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7E7236E8h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 46BC3929h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D4345FC2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 497DA834h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 83DBB3C7h
add     eax, 6B87E42Fh
add     eax, 0B48D77CEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0D2F1D5E4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B2F9945Ah
xor     eax, 59356F92h
sub     eax, 2C40EA9Eh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0FD13330Fh
add     eax, 0F8859F61h
sub     eax, 0C81ABCF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 66B5238Eh
add     eax, 0AC47E788h
xor     eax, 739E2A01h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0C8DFB198h
sub     eax, 0EBF805E8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DCCC83E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 7961B4F9h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0C233EB81h
not     eax
add     eax, 97C46C6Bh
sub     eax, 2473219Fh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0AF9557BFh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0B514E73Ah
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 64FB024Ah
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 82764B9Bh
xor     eax, 9389989Bh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0F6AA9FE2h
not     eax
add     eax, 2AF77F24h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DB485075h
sub     eax, 482E3A5Ch
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0B97802D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 90433F85h
add     eax, 74B10939h
sub     eax, 0F75A4610h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0B10857E7h
sub     eax, 7438A403h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 6D645799h
sub     eax, 671A6B7Dh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 8A429EE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F552A93Bh
sub     eax, 22029019h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 8ECA66D5h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0F72DE1AEh
xor     eax, 0FE4F6423h
xor     eax, 174244BBh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6B972F57h
sub     eax, 0D29E0064h
sub     eax, 0ABD5775Dh
sub     eax, 22224B2Bh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 11B67974h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 32B4BC4Fh
add     eax, 7E7FA83Bh
sub     eax, 0F5B15BA6h
xor     eax, 508D37EDh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 75B15720h
add     eax, 1C7D1024h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0C66B5F50h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 35C430ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0A019B284h
not     eax
add     eax, 8BCACB87h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4006C9FBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 2D0A7FE8h
xor     eax, 385E21BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 9368619Bh
xor     eax, 91605657h
sub     eax, 25698D17h
xor     eax, 0C1BE9FAAh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B72E62E3h
xor     eax, 5BC51D63h
not     eax
add     eax, 89C4CA53h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C5947033h
add     eax, 933A9E60h
add     eax, 13E9E630h
sub     eax, 5953846Bh
xor     eax, 55C13D11h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 4DCE3538h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3880762Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 93B802C8h
add     eax, 90EC709Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E08B741Bh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 991F8EB4h
sub     eax, 6FAB3781h
sub     eax, 0FC33599Eh
sub     eax, 5170447Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 68393A97h
sub     eax, 0C869FBF5h
xor     eax, 0ED1CB647h
add     eax, 0A42E1195h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F6FBFB62h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 27051ED0h
not     eax
add     eax, 8F87CA75h
add     eax, 57D864E9h
sub     eax, 6CE0AD00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 1157A783h
sub     eax, 0EBCC9069h
add     eax, 0F95D7256h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 547BCA1Fh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0B5AA7953h
sub     eax, 9DB6A6C1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 233A57BBh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0FC379D13h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 5BBC0039h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 43F7FE82h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0C80A707Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 994BF7ACh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0C511B395h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 4FC604B8h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0CDFA028Fh
sub     eax, 1822A707h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8D13BADCh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0D795D8EEh
xor     eax, 987B43DFh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B0F7CC5Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 9BB60CA6h
sub     eax, 35B579A9h
sub     eax, 0F814302Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C101FD70h
sub     eax, 910E77BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3EEF5085h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9C7D6BC0h
sub     eax, 0DFA432D2h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 5CDBFDF2h
add     eax, 0C4485C07h
sub     eax, 36C6B5A7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4E86E626h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 55687659h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 8031E84Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 66FBA7A9h
xor     eax, 850BA258h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0F79F7582h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1EF03963h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 44108507h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 241338C1h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 4600C4A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2256051Ah
add     eax, 239FC228h
sub     eax, 28D1DFACh
add     eax, 0A7F194D3h
sub     eax, 405AC2F8h
add     eax, 0C3267E09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 83573647h
add     eax, 594F7101h
xor     eax, 94364925h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 13382180h
sub     eax, 7BFE2325h
xor     eax, 28D5CB4Bh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 5AA34809h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 841BB912h
xor     eax, 1E618B55h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 6B637544h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DBDCD6C2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 168DE2B5h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0EB3F2DDAh
sub     eax, 0F73240D7h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0BFEBA5D4h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 676513A4h
sub     eax, 9FDB1B0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5BF03DD6h
xor     eax, 0BD248821h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0AD911603h
xor     eax, 86DE2090h
xor     eax, 0C36E3A0Dh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AA9B2012h
xor     eax, 557060DEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 794E7249h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7BABCF3Ah
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B7D055B1h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 5DE0AEB6h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 886B2D6Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7BFBE9ECh
xor     eax, 742DF5ECh
add     eax, 0D5E17867h
xor     eax, 0F190893Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 141C3C71h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 3F83436Ch
add     eax, 449A6257h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1196784Eh
sub     eax, 26344E28h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0EDD86DD1h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 4D489C59h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0EC2199BEh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 5CE41DFCh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 9B50AF35h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0B881D996h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 7BBCA842h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D15DE193h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 698793C4h
sub     eax, 1BF75587h
xor     eax, 0CC39F37Fh
add     eax, 0C102D7BFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FDE54140h
add     eax, 609522BDh
sub     eax, 9E12C1C1h
sub     eax, 0BEDD44AEh
sub     eax, 80FA94DAh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 21C8C98Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3AFEE690h
not     eax
xor     eax, 792568F5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 737AEB80h
xor     eax, 0C4B1DD9Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 37F226B9h
add     eax, 826C0E2Bh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0AA87671Dh
add     eax, 0CED23AFCh
sub     eax, 8BF3626Fh
add     eax, 0CC9462D5h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 729C7D4Bh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 93643292h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9CD0FA06h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AB8E5554h
add     eax, 3E0A56F8h
xor     eax, 27ED94B0h
not     eax
add     eax, 50EA57CFh
add     eax, 10F0F5F4h
xor     eax, 81DD96F8h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7B3DBEEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0CFF16B15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9073A7F2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 9E518392h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8F717D2Bh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0C1AD8399h
add     eax, 88A1017Fh
sub     eax, 0D6252DD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6BC2285Ah
sub     eax, 0FE22F6D9h
xor     eax, 9BE9F103h
xor     eax, 0A9DE910Ch
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0E3F34AA4h
sub     eax, 0F9DC37FBh
sub     eax, 2740C0A5h
xor     eax, 9A1A10D0h
add     eax, 0EFA74EF5h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 27611AC1h
add     eax, 0A87A202Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DDAD5618h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5BD46A01h
not     eax
add     eax, 7F4D9ADBh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0C129A88Bh
xor     eax, 78361543h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 6ADAD754h
add     eax, 0E09E48BFh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0B4E0B134h
sub     eax, 1A844876h
sub     eax, 586AC04Eh
sub     eax, 0FB119944h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 778A56E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 882EE6E4h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D03AAA1Fh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0ECBE4143h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 4D4F0620h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 9848766Bh
add     eax, 10050B7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 72547902h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CF3D84F2h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 14FD0DC4h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 62C8653Bh
xor     eax, 8C00BEA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2DCFC959h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0DF915D72h
xor     eax, 44C86A22h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0EB65D403h
xor     eax, 336278AEh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0E921C1D3h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 5BCB4F6Dh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 608879C8h
xor     eax, 0DC3572FCh
sub     eax, 0FAC8EF88h
xor     eax, 0D698AB8Eh
xor     eax, 3148AC36h
xor     eax, 0D8466220h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1975526Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BC63079Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0C7038C5Dh
sub     eax, 0BE26DEEEh
not     eax
add     eax, 1FD0E779h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D89DDB5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0CFBE0EB1h
sub     eax, 6F7387D4h
add     eax, 0C3FB3A7Fh
add     eax, 23B39E05h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 550740CEh
add     eax, 0CD5B334Ah
xor     eax, 1F49192Bh
xor     eax, 5DB91F45h
xor     eax, 0E37CA6ECh
add     eax, 972A5FCBh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 27E233F2h
add     eax, 31E34B9Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5AF172C6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 131173AAh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 3A60C2CEh
sub     eax, 0AC8FF49Dh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 65681F83h
sub     eax, 784ACE6Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 3CDCFF58h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 1818269Ah
xor     eax, 48DE4AE6h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 5C50A206h
xor     eax, 0A73E6BC7h
sub     eax, 2D5EF90Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EFCAD09Ah
xor     eax, 0FE20CBA3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EA7E2896h
xor     eax, 10AF0059h
xor     eax, 0BDA41C80h
sub     eax, 0D9483E11h
sub     eax, 4DA2668Fh
add     eax, 0F3DBF086h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E4537D20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 837F9F26h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 60D067AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F08E380Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2D911984h
xor     eax, 0EF06A1ABh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CD4E6AB1h
sub     eax, 860EF44Bh
sub     eax, 78E87E6Fh
add     eax, 0E0C5EB50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6B6843F8h
xor     eax, 3F76908Dh
xor     eax, 8C52D76Eh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0BF6CBF03h
add     eax, 0A60B5651h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 43D796D6h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 33995369h
add     eax, 0B82A14B7h
sub     eax, 0B0247F62h
sub     eax, 0EA7B2216h
add     eax, 3703E7EDh
xor     eax, 910B35EEh
xor     eax, 0E21A22ACh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E17D0DCAh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 6D5304B4h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 6A6C71CCh
xor     eax, 21AD9054h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D492B7A4h
add     eax, 0F1C7882Fh
sub     eax, 72E20373h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 69E1D037h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 9E83FDF3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ADD862B4h
sub     eax, 0B90BEC2Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 27527CDAh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E49364FFh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 5A8C5665h
xor     eax, 35C3F8E6h
add     eax, 6959CF2Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0FF396775h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 4C76FC1Fh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B96FF38Ch
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0A084E0ACh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B038B335h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A1A6B928h
add     eax, 1A046F2Ch
add     eax, 90F308B1h
sub     eax, 0C6F52F20h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CE6FC744h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 81E1BFC3h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0FE588E5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3BF4AC43h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 23E45A38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8CA7C3B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6C92A15Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0A95FB411h
add     eax, 0A825AA37h
add     eax, 34DFF58Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CAEFC1FDh
xor     eax, 18F54345h
sub     eax, 66BC1E90h
add     eax, 0D3C08ADAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 26D69EC0h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B45BC2D9h
add     eax, 9393729Ch
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0A8E49CAFh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 9124F2FBh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 32B6B3A1h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 35891B60h
xor     eax, 0E24CC135h
add     eax, 6DF8EB55h
sub     eax, 6660B263h
add     eax, 0FB65483Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DEBDBBC7h
add     eax, 11613753h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F40B7B20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 5DDEB8F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 2773E329h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 88A8E796h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 584BE5AFh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 938CF300h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 575573C3h
xor     eax, 90642453h
sub     eax, 0B9A03667h
sub     eax, 636D8250h
xor     eax, 9E0E76A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C022691Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6368E559h
sub     eax, 64321BE7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 43620CC8h
sub     eax, 0C0B94A56h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B9DC50EDh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 550E0547h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 2B0B812Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 92A4A44Fh
xor     eax, 0D3D4F84Ch
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 5709DA8Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AEFEB26Dh
add     eax, 0F417FF4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0DDB690AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 47DBF818h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0A91046EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 76A98C0Eh
xor     eax, 1613554Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 71D56EB8h
add     eax, 801E0ABEh
sub     eax, 5ED4BA89h
add     eax, 4D3570F2h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 365CA659h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4FD93365h
add     eax, 74EFF0DCh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 1B3742C8h
sub     eax, 291D01F8h
xor     eax, 0ACAD73EDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CD13CC0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 80FB633Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 882C7E5Eh
xor     eax, 581483CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AC73E513h
add     eax, 0E6493CE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5D147AD5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 4F2BCF7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5D1F8B9Ah
sub     eax, 0BA3497E8h
sub     eax, 8BBB0610h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0BBCE2581h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0FBF7F4DEh
add     eax, 18220A94h
sub     eax, 46A0FAE1h
add     eax, 0D5389670h
sub     eax, 0EE750AB2h
sub     eax, 73B2AAF0h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0D2C7EFFAh
sub     eax, 2B7E2F15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3D78E1DFh
sub     eax, 1503A081h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7BCB4B35h
sub     eax, 0AD0686A2h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8CACA41Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 61796E37h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 73BC0437h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 3FE02C7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F6A3CA97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 81AC9F97h
add     eax, 4D062381h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D879B570h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 95E922DAh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0D136C052h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C1480069h
sub     eax, 0E769E3C9h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 41D0D4BFh
xor     eax, 39E99480h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 91671A5Eh
sub     eax, 0D5486B1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F27EBFA9h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 696D74FEh
sub     eax, 0F14C7A31h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 58C39EC9h
xor     eax, 0A2111CECh
sub     eax, 77D5CA5Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0A324F92Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 899AF433h
xor     eax, 0F3FCCBAEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 5A55F81Ah
sub     eax, 0E40066D8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9DB007A3h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 13D47CD9h
xor     eax, 407720E3h
sub     eax, 0C3F04AF7h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0E6432905h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0C3EFA490h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 521FEB80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AFBA5F66h
xor     eax, 0AA52358Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0B6154B1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0A1B68BCEh
add     eax, 0D369930Bh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0AB334F53h
xor     eax, 96E141D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 8022354Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 91603FD1h
add     eax, 0A6305566h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 4C7DFF8Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 924C41AAh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 812CBA25h
add     eax, 9F163895h
xor     eax, 2F81F0D2h
sub     eax, 8E2A3ADFh
add     eax, 141CD526h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FDA6F95Dh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0DAF0AF69h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 254DAD98h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 93DA5D18h
add     eax, 64705849h
not     eax
add     eax, 4884BA4Fh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0C8964F11h
add     eax, 0DA4F7FD1h
sub     eax, 45866B5Eh
sub     eax, 0AE9122FCh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6A0281C6h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 475EB809h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 5481292Ch
add     eax, 58CE9159h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0DCCDBCB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 90BFFFB0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 26D14082h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 6E56BC97h
xor     eax, 0A1D7C216h
sub     eax, 0E7608A58h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 8F37C96Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ED731731h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0BCFE1183h
not     eax
add     eax, 3C0BA974h
add     eax, 5A1D7834h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A3A07A6Eh
sub     eax, 0A5C23A77h
xor     eax, 0F7F53496h
sub     eax, 1EF8E98Dh
add     eax, 0A0D1663Eh
sub     eax, 53B5B80Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 54015414h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0A73215A5h
xor     eax, 11803DDAh
add     eax, 2C0A7B7Ah
xor     eax, 438F2369h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EA5A4028h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0E79BD33Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 30EDD0E9h
sub     eax, 5FD09057h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CBCCB898h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 472058DFh
add     eax, 61C4BFD8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 25F22506h
xor     eax, 0C27283BCh
sub     eax, 700844EAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1F94FBA5h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 79C42B94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 26DE3B69h
sub     eax, 0F8FE4C82h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 75064659h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5DE835CEh
xor     eax, 0C0DB7854h
sub     eax, 5409CFE4h
add     eax, 31A62BE8h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ADA622F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 6C36A0B1h
sub     eax, 0AAE739C2h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 2E48FBE4h
sub     eax, 5033291Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FB6462DFh
not     eax
add     eax, 1D68F97Fh
xor     eax, 0A7A17AF9h
sub     eax, 31486ECEh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 6093DE49h
sub     eax, 296D3126h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 8A833CDFh
xor     eax, 646B8C79h
sub     eax, 6BA672FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 61D52DE1h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 83AC24EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 67AD94E5h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5BF4743Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0ABFB1F99h
xor     eax, 8A252536h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0A621DAB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 7FF71D0Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0D361FEBBh
sub     eax, 0D8745D61h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0C764CB4Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0C1EC007Ah
xor     eax, 0D203F599h
xor     eax, 0D77217CAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B8517882h
sub     eax, 0ABBE024Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0FBF8836Ah
xor     eax, 9458D965h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CD5402EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0C8A4C275h
xor     eax, 0D4294043h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0CCFCEABEh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 17B00F0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 1211162Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 365966A7h
xor     eax, 14089944h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 69A94090h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6926C2E1h
xor     eax, 1A300FC4h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 6B9454ADh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 2F827509h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D075352Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 7A4DBDC9h
add     eax, 18B43027h
add     eax, 3A234A76h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B8F3650Eh
sub     eax, 12DC5B44h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 7B7494B4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B01BAB35h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 9A418E7Ah
xor     eax, 9C0F0B10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C8AE2134h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0B4EC80BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D7E4F1E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0F96A1378h
sub     eax, 0FC4D0B6Dh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 628E0D66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3DABF3C9h
add     eax, 86A57167h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0FDAC5349h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 1D4D089Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 147C06FDh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 7BC24603h
add     eax, 5A5324CDh
add     eax, 0A80391B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 5684A005h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 45A77281h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 2FDD968Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 40B87334h
add     eax, 9A3907B5h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 50C2DC90h
not     eax
xor     eax, 78176C18h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 919320A5h
xor     eax, 0B74F71A8h
xor     eax, 0D57941E5h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0CF51B153h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FA21E452h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0A237CAF0h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 1E5835D9h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0D48AC918h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 71C1BFB1h
sub     eax, 0B0AA238Dh
sub     eax, 344E8584h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8DCABE1Bh
xor     eax, 0D393A91Fh
xor     eax, 0B91CB08Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D8478745h
not     eax
add     eax, 57999BD2h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 790EDC14h
xor     eax, 4DFBD1FEh
add     eax, 79E6BC83h
not     eax
add     eax, 1552003Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0CDAC2B3Eh
add     eax, 0A586F175h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2E691821h
xor     eax, 4D97D03Bh
xor     eax, 4656AD62h
xor     eax, 1BFF3CB2h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 2DB0FEDAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0A6F301EFh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A926AC63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 402DBE8Ch
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 3ED87B63h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D9D8DCF2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A5BE1222h
add     eax, 0D0FED2FAh
xor     eax, 21FA0F1Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 8E79C083h
add     eax, 0AB1A8262h
not     eax
sub     eax, 28C31DD1h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 30938D7Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EC63D86Bh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 25EA4988h
xor     eax, 0FC595020h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 8B343097h
add     eax, 9F592F17h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 40C5DAEBh
add     eax, 0A7F6C788h
xor     eax, 0C8ECE368h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 6E8D7DB0h
sub     eax, 887920DBh
xor     eax, 6F1A0277h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 81C75A10h
sub     eax, 20A69328h
xor     eax, 7E73AF16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 5E38FABDh
add     eax, 3A2D2503h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0F21C11E8h
sub     eax, 3F2678E8h
xor     eax, 0A36D08FFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3A84B1EEh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 63501B8Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5D190424h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B53C3FFDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 382BA6E3h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0A6AEB928h
sub     eax, 69C9A7DCh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 7212E436h
sub     eax, 0CE084C95h
sub     eax, 5BB1C90Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0AFB07B96h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0CDC43A44h
add     eax, 0B57681D5h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 39879478h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3EBF6362h
add     eax, 0E1BA2F41h
sub     eax, 0E3AADAF4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 545855EEh
add     eax, 418FE9F7h
add     eax, 0F65D4AD5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0E7F9E96Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 50611AB1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 38A85AAFh
sub     eax, 3C044CD5h
sub     eax, 0F2367A84h
add     eax, 8D26B5EBh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0DABAE14Ch
add     eax, 0C48C48E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 39D911ABh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0EA0D5508h
xor     eax, 0F15D4B5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AE1DE06Ah
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 643636F8h
sub     eax, 7823AA19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 47BAEAAAh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 71CB0AEAh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9CEBC1FFh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 90A6C84Bh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 31B1FC58h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 7437004Eh
add     eax, 0BFE87B8Dh
xor     eax, 0B6F4C654h
sub     eax, 1E73B577h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 28213C93h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9B846B96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0E5AE781Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0BAD6834Fh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 10CC633Eh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 3789D3D3h
xor     eax, 14A7151Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 47DD33DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FBFCEE64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D77597DAh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E2856375h
xor     eax, 0F6E4A59Fh
xor     eax, 0F6E2EEC5h
xor     eax, 6F3BEF9Ah
add     eax, 0F5598227h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A2A6D017h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 360F37A5h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0B30CB1C5h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 4E053D40h
add     eax, 0CC715594h
sub     eax, 0A8A061EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0D6A9CFF6h
xor     eax, 25840E72h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0D89CC13Fh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 38ABE004h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6322E895h
add     eax, 0C4878407h
sub     eax, 854D0C6Dh
sub     eax, 456827CAh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FAF2744Bh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 52F6F1FBh
sub     eax, 5515B83Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D0D552E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E2E19E39h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 92499479h
xor     eax, 23D5FC7Fh
sub     eax, 69E6CDB6h
add     eax, 328F4F44h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0C8471323h
add     eax, 491740A0h
add     eax, 992F9C6Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FBF54F53h
sub     eax, 0B2B65728h
sub     eax, 11CA7931h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E0946319h
not     eax
sub     eax, 90E53BA7h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AB1647A2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D9D33135h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EDF27F57h
sub     eax, 2221EB16h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 1889BBF4h
sub     eax, 0F374B1F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 2FAE60E4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 135E7EC8h
add     eax, 1BD41D95h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 933CB58Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 44B15829h
xor     eax, 378718A0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D8F9996Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 364A9894h
xor     eax, 71909A0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0B31DD015h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 8C2E9AC3h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0DF114D68h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 34E33BDFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FFCC45A7h
add     eax, 848EC456h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 95E9642Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 39F2A85Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1E704FE4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 197998A5h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0BA6AC2EBh
xor     eax, 4C8B2E1Fh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 351E735Dh
sub     eax, 7AB1C794h
xor     eax, 0F9E7BE59h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0B0B22248h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0A701B698h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6AD801D0h
sub     eax, 86B860A2h
xor     eax, 9BBC045Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0AE9C7329h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 431A61E2h
sub     eax, 0C9497FD8h
xor     eax, 48836137h
not     eax
sub     eax, 98BEEFCCh
sub     eax, 0D9496D70h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 15FDCFDCh
add     eax, 5B4EBB3Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 79CBF08Ch
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 597B1D58h
sub     eax, 4B7916AAh
add     eax, 8992BAB7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 13152030h
add     eax, 427DB1C0h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0DF0CA4F1h
sub     eax, 0B3B83F87h
xor     eax, 0AA0010EBh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 8A3BEB11h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4B785AE8h
add     eax, 4282CC75h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8F3DC163h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0C4E03EB6h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 8D559138h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 40EFE9BCh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 36D0CF28h
xor     eax, 0B608FAA8h
sub     eax, 3A75DB4Fh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F93C06D3h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FF779C56h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 6869EB72h
xor     eax, 1D1406A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E42DB5E9h
sub     eax, 0FA709715h
xor     eax, 3B674A1Eh
sub     eax, 0EEE23566h
sub     eax, 52A85157h
sub     eax, 7795A9C1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0C08C34B6h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0B4E4264Fh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EBA34E1Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0BF2C75CEh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 54871EDCh
add     eax, 16F75472h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 6C04DB9Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1D7468BEh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 65E2FE67h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C59C42EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D216E169h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0BEE5A15Fh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 2CB888F7h
add     eax, 0A97F9593h
sub     eax, 21BA0F7Fh
add     eax, 0CF43FD04h
sub     eax, 35C58047h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 40F8C69Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0DD225BE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 448116D7h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 3F99C8B1h
sub     eax, 8432CCF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 1046B13Dh
add     eax, 0FD5F9078h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C1835871h
add     eax, 4845C78Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 995C775Ah
add     eax, 391831BAh
add     eax, 9BBD2D01h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 2A56C666h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0FA942007h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A2263D3h
add     eax, 35E9396Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 56D22848h
xor     eax, 519CEBDDh
sub     eax, 0E93D5DBFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0A4EA8121h
add     eax, 69619B5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DA2657A5h
xor     eax, 36CAAACDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C8E2176Dh
add     eax, 2B5122D9h
sub     eax, 0AEC69B4Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0AA32B159h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 16F09F20h
add     eax, 2A3BA426h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 20D49E4Ch
add     eax, 684BB4ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0BEF21438h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1FAF6334h
sub     eax, 9B92CB88h
sub     eax, 9C3A0943h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC857173h
sub     eax, 32436A03h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 5F419CE0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D3FAA5DEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B75B682Fh
xor     eax, 0DCC9303Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8B76C9C0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 67BD51D0h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 74685EEFh
xor     eax, 811B534Bh
add     eax, 0AA498D36h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8B5BAEF3h
sub     eax, 898942E1h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0A02C9BE2h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0EF917048h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A04E19F3h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 6B5B9D92h
xor     eax, 98AF8D27h
add     eax, 1ABC11B5h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 28A7F880h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EFAB76AFh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 9D0D4C8Eh
sub     eax, 0E57F568Fh
sub     eax, 7EE9AA03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0E1AA223Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C8FA5F0Ah
sub     eax, 0D19A6D76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7D4D63A4h
add     eax, 98CDD7FFh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 7B9297EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 116C245Dh
xor     eax, 0AC880486h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0F397C862h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0D6BB1DABh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 4F0A355Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0BDF14155h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0EDB00B65h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0A9C9F95Ch
xor     eax, 0C84AFCD9h
sub     eax, 0B1DDA51Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0C7F9D340h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E4179E59h
sub     eax, 9F6869A9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 34A0B667h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0EA3DFD68h
add     eax, 0E3C4DA9Bh
xor     eax, 0FE60729Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7F1E3DDDh
add     eax, 8F4C293Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 9D4EB361h
not     eax
sub     eax, 797167B9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6DAEE5C2h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0F629148Ah
xor     eax, 0B752A8EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AE5903D8h
sub     eax, 0C6708793h
add     eax, 0ACD04791h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0CE500EF6h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0F2231B5Ah
xor     eax, 0B8449DA7h
sub     eax, 3D77E15Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0F3434481h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F0578841h
add     eax, 76D23F28h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 3DB89D51h
add     eax, 0E0F9720Dh
add     eax, 0D4D4B69Fh
add     eax, 8F6D2581h
xor     eax, 0E61C4009h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 2A5010A3h
xor     eax, 1BB44110h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E87541D3h
add     eax, 0FED72AEFh
xor     eax, 84E25AB2h
sub     eax, 91FD076Bh
sub     eax, 7C018B0Fh
sub     eax, 4BE1BA50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 650E1A35h
xor     eax, 9C7324F0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6FE19E36h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B77AD930h
add     eax, 36CC1085h
xor     eax, 0CFD8B1F0h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 8A279E81h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0C0AFB842h
add     eax, 5F472786h
add     eax, 0D5EA6516h
add     eax, 0F01451B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E6C87C64h
sub     eax, 0CDFD3AEBh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 621F27E9h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 1D0B20C2h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0FFA41528h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 84A37C30h
sub     eax, 1DD50C8Ch
xor     eax, 174E7726h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 4A18A652h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 48BA6D5Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C56C058Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 1FFF0A45h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 627C1B9Ch
xor     eax, 1820BD44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C7CD62FAh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7DEEBB3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 40936115h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0E3866AEBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 51B95E15h
xor     eax, 6EFB6A6Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 18D21213h
add     eax, 0C5A6CDF1h
xor     eax, 0B7E296BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AD8CB2BEh
sub     eax, 0F54B3C3Eh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E6A74753h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FF88FF1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6B1AA4FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7692E9A0h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0BA2D2E82h
xor     eax, 0B651E5A5h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5E73225Ah
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 7803B5BAh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B867B85Eh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0D7B391F6h
not     eax
add     eax, 693748BEh
sub     eax, 0BF03FC27h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0BE9723B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A2035E8h
add     eax, 292EC160h
add     eax, 7280E6F1h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 99ED9AC9h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0C412901Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 71276964h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 522EA60Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 8927F90Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DA2F7204h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 69FB54F8h
sub     eax, 61C9B0FCh
xor     eax, 0EC9111B7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 41594C7Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 5DC6527Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 75D8A7DBh
sub     eax, 6C4B76D0h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 620C3C40h
xor     eax, 11198157h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 61497418h
xor     eax, 10377AEAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 55E2D470h
add     eax, 0B68FEE50h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 791283E0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 6211C4CAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 27CB50A0h
not     eax
add     eax, 30AC3958h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A6F8ADA1h
xor     eax, 4B5C68F2h
add     eax, 61AB1BFCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FA481D6Dh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D12388E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 140EC00Eh
add     eax, 0A66F2DA1h
add     eax, 9CC64917h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5DD519C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 8210AA31h
not     eax
xor     eax, 802EF08Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 242EDF41h
add     eax, 6D7932A8h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 5B999AF9h
sub     eax, 56094774h
add     eax, 289F3FE7h
xor     eax, 0F3149705h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 3D4E1065h
sub     eax, 48A7F4FEh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0B418AFAFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 75982AB4h
add     eax, 2FABEA69h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0A8B5815Fh
xor     eax, 0B144C47Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AD4B0A42h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D1604159h
add     eax, 0F733FE35h
sub     eax, 48B79F64h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 17761FF1h
sub     eax, 0BFDAE7F8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0E1705F82h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0EEF7F489h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 8A2BE40Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 15633CBEh
xor     eax, 77E00D82h
add     eax, 0FCBA21B3h
xor     eax, 6EA70ECDh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 7EE8E81Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4FA242C0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2904EED4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 4B6DBA79h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0FDB68621h
sub     eax, 2DD52B6Dh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 484DEA07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0FEEF909Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 23AE05D7h
sub     eax, 18D39632h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0EF35BB94h
add     eax, 67AC5CAFh
sub     eax, 0DFF6059Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 38BC9511h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 951AB17Dh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D3DD36EEh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 7FFF7006h
xor     eax, 0C0127BC1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 33C2DF67h
sub     eax, 0EB34D85Eh
add     eax, 0B3007267h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0B21B0102h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0A845478Dh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0A4001895h
add     eax, 6937F323h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0B72E963Eh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ED5262B5h
add     eax, 2F6D9181h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 61719AD3h
add     eax, 0C28A56DEh
sub     eax, 0AEA9D1A6h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 7E47B8FCh
sub     eax, 9BD93D07h
xor     eax, 9E29AACFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3F36E0AAh
add     eax, 0DE3A1819h
sub     eax, 6AE8CF8Bh
xor     eax, 10BC43F0h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F6AE26B4h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1666EA30h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6C260B04h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FE88A9B0h
sub     eax, 2EFA6BB5h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 9D9B6544h
add     eax, 3336AA6Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 3C8B72ABh
xor     eax, 0D71DE556h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 6455F326h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A5AFD396h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E9F45679h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 73552B45h
sub     eax, 6DB34A95h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 54DC2536h
xor     eax, 0BFA9D2A8h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 8D0625E3h
sub     eax, 331434C8h
sub     eax, 5BA8D4F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 27A0A413h
add     eax, 266CACA7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C00E0E7Bh
sub     eax, 526F0C8Dh
add     eax, 0E06FB9ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BEBF367Dh
xor     eax, 0D43A061Fh
add     eax, 0AFC687F5h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0DC5BE8EFh
add     eax, 61672269h
add     eax, 6021C59Fh
xor     eax, 0A349B0C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2718866Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 29B5B0A3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AB735A4Bh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A2247649h
sub     eax, 27D70608h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 1DBF352Dh
xor     eax, 0AC298CEAh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0C919B6EEh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A2986627h
sub     eax, 0B5DB1123h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0B19F5F61h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CC43FD20h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0C9ACCA8Bh
add     eax, 3FEE325Fh
sub     eax, 6508D111h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 7276C346h
add     eax, 7B1E50E5h
sub     eax, 53A5917Bh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 5473C3D8h
xor     eax, 789CCDD7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0E6791ADFh
add     eax, 32DB7D2Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0AB11CB94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 385BD61Fh
add     eax, 40C3E37Ah
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 3F385DBEh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 76033AB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BA77EAF6h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0D5AF0E0Eh
xor     eax, 9F7C4B3Dh
xor     eax, 1CDE843Dh
sub     eax, 37B0326Dh
sub     eax, 84CA1F35h
xor     eax, 847C6E4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B0CB9883h
sub     eax, 93171924h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0D16C7257h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0A7C0154Ch
sub     eax, 7C7D6E29h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 37130EBBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0A39C6BB6h
not     eax
add     eax, 91F27C85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A071FEEAh
xor     eax, 7F7230E5h
xor     eax, 0A452E841h
not     eax
add     eax, 58BA7D1Fh
xor     eax, 2F293D9Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 3B66BDF9h
xor     eax, 0AEC2C5F8h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 766EF597h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 68824DCDh
add     eax, 0BDB0C471h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C78B9106h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 585407C4h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0B573F8E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5F167BFEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E233DDB5h
sub     eax, 0F6FE8FC0h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 2DB52B71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C706AD14h
add     eax, 5701A151h
xor     eax, 5A3C8D7Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0EB0199A7h
add     eax, 0A7CD1AD0h
sub     eax, 0D8050CAEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 9CCFCE47h
sub     eax, 0AA913BD7h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 6AE972ABh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0B918B773h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 1A6A2AD5h
xor     eax, 5BBDB5DAh
xor     eax, 0D709A055h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E4A1982Dh
sub     eax, 35C9DF78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BB02CC7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B049BD66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 74AAE6F4h
xor     eax, 0C6062A5Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2472F982h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DBDA0333h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 537E1663h
add     eax, 8BCD972Fh
add     eax, 872C7B60h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5A376AEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E159D69Ah
xor     eax, 7BF4DB1Fh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 959A0111h
xor     eax, 0D0AF67E1h
sub     eax, 7D5518BEh
sub     eax, 0D2FB67F1h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 2D67F68Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8E71A514h
xor     eax, 5204DA9Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 8F3DCD5Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0D93715B2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4EB3EA1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 93277E37h
add     eax, 7AB74CB0h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 57CA930Ah
xor     eax, 98030592h
sub     eax, 87E7DE6Bh
xor     eax, 1843F336h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0BCA99225h
add     eax, 0A127C3D9h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BA1524FFh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 43F11B4Eh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0F38320A2h
add     eax, 3B0D616Fh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4047C9CCh
add     eax, 97CC7C62h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD87ADC5h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0E6D9F23Ch
sub     eax, 0A531B67Ch
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 733670E5h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A5FFCE9Ah
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 47C9244Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0FC54BCB9h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0ECF28056h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5C495132h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 6999DDE3h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 63D864ACh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DC9F335Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D425238Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 196FD4A1h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 7F718FACh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E0F7FFA7h
sub     eax, 35065A8Eh
add     eax, 0D66D3428h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0EAA2C1C7h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0AC239E8Ah
xor     eax, 0AF1ABE84h
xor     eax, 6D46E79Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8FEFED26h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9731ECAEh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 2FAADBE5h
xor     eax, 9D760AE3h
xor     eax, 8AD0C99Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 79650359h
add     eax, 7C8AA9E0h
add     eax, 78018925h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E946B4F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AE1A5665h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A06E3321h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 7401401Fh
sub     eax, 1427044Ah
xor     eax, 0F584DF24h
sub     eax, 0CCA30716h
sub     eax, 5B429626h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0D366362Bh
xor     eax, 5FB5E352h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 35239739h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0F6BEB530h
add     eax, 928E7DA4h
sub     eax, 0D6F912F1h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 1743BCDCh
add     eax, 853A7216h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2C4CB451h
sub     eax, 9D345057h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 409588FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 319EE354h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0CDDFEFC6h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 11143635h
add     eax, 4CFA0789h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 90BF8A0Dh
xor     eax, 0CC0536DDh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 985D231Fh
xor     eax, 34FD6BDCh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B32B719Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 37FCF116h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 34423909h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0B628CD08h
xor     eax, 0C3044B96h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0E8C2CE63h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0F3108564h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EF07FF4Ah
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0E8D0F4C3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0BF952DFAh
sub     eax, 1B1AC9CAh
add     eax, 5A7B9582h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1A568B66h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 892C518Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0F75E21F3h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 78D51B5Bh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0F8764A15h
add     eax, 98F1FD9Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0BB6497B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 391D43D1h
add     eax, 47BBB029h
add     eax, 0CCA92101h
not     eax
xor     eax, 251272D3h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A320341Ah
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 494D2995h
xor     eax, 71988416h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 5430AC91h
xor     eax, 776F2EF9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 29A2982Eh
sub     eax, 0B38A6110h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 9AA30155h
add     eax, 0E85B01B4h
xor     eax, 0DA10B900h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0B934270Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 365DA5D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D3533A90h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 1151E2C2h
add     eax, 0FEB3AEF0h
xor     eax, 81C55B6Bh
add     eax, 0F6D315EBh
xor     eax, 7906A63Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 14815624h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3325E807h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 7A3705F6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 221B8F69h
add     eax, 0EE5BFB8Ah
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 22CC77E7h
add     eax, 0DA07A063h
sub     eax, 0B750C359h
sub     eax, 15DC39C8h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0FF22FED1h
add     eax, 0E286AC76h
xor     eax, 0A531D4D4h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 472D2F9Fh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0D5F53941h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4E40DB87h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0B98624A2h
xor     eax, 0F9A5F473h
sub     eax, 58D76CF3h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 76F70686h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 45CE74C9h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 195B9665h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 9FA50602h
xor     eax, 0A1A43C7Bh
xor     eax, 2F207A49h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8912D4DCh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 1F8F7DB2h
sub     eax, 4507BAA0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 32041AF6h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 7ACDD08Fh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 4DA92501h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FF7D5D1Fh
add     eax, 7F709F5Ah
sub     eax, 0CC42C200h
add     eax, 7E12DAADh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 944CA9DFh
add     eax, 0D7790A95h
xor     eax, 0DED3FE85h
xor     eax, 0A004DC20h
xor     eax, 0F03C44A7h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 309F1E7Ah
xor     eax, 7AF072D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C893CB01h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0FD6F6DE6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 55E29796h
xor     eax, 773C1300h
xor     eax, 5C7977DBh
sub     eax, 3F065D19h
not     eax
add     eax, 6A02BAA5h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 3739E1D7h
add     eax, 0CB12B0FCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 572F4AFCh
sub     eax, 3602B79Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0CDE64279h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B2A67221h
add     eax, 0B2AC19FBh
xor     eax, 1D4C694Ch
add     eax, 0AAEA8CADh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0E094AF63h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0A45E35CCh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0F2F4FE27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC1E9E21h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 6B51F891h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0F2AC3B80h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 5075CB0Fh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 72C570CCh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 58AD5E0Bh
add     eax, 5DAB3199h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0DFC5E9E8h
add     eax, 5CCE7538h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0A979B61Ah
add     eax, 87EB1621h
xor     eax, 743B05BFh
add     eax, 34089E88h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 861D0234h
sub     eax, 591C3214h
sub     eax, 0D28D51C8h
sub     eax, 2D0C7925h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0E9C57CC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2F8148E1h
add     eax, 0FC1AFB5Ah
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 8B203CF3h
xor     eax, 50D88137h
add     eax, 0DC06FCDFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C2B617E9h
xor     eax, 30D31B22h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 956B3A71h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7458E9ABh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B9211758h
sub     eax, 7730FC83h
sub     eax, 0D7D4A5EBh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 7CCEE02Ch
sub     eax, 65FD0FB5h
add     eax, 0D9FF55D5h
sub     eax, 0EBB9A077h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0EB498814h
xor     eax, 65282759h
sub     eax, 0A7FCA01Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 852DED28h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 87C9D577h
add     eax, 8938B499h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 40456CA4h
xor     eax, 2B2A4F3Ah
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 145E8C1Fh
sub     eax, 0B9CC5B6Fh
sub     eax, 11C5C15Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 294D9A6Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6192EEF9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 32AE5A5Dh
add     eax, 9512F254h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 89629349h
add     eax, 294EEAA3h
add     eax, 0F427FCE4h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 2E8A2876h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E4D65E9Bh
sub     eax, 2CB17EEFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 19EFC9C1h
add     eax, 3400E58Fh
sub     eax, 40BA3F31h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0CDD973FAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2CD13F8Ah
add     eax, 6296BE97h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ECF1EC52h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 3D5D9FB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9C456667h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D4544C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 47A86499h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 859EA78Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0CC83EABAh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 82F1062Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 8B3BB49Dh
add     eax, 9F54B3CDh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 85D2DE5Bh
xor     eax, 92AFE1E7h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 855AD86Bh
add     eax, 0F0B3FDA3h
xor     eax, 0C953DD67h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6502D688h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 356DF9C8h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0C5D26B38h
sub     eax, 0D4E22968h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 87A95D97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C83EE34Dh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 14E6538Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 25D6C552h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 7E70D5D7h
xor     eax, 0A8A93590h
xor     eax, 902726B6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BEF533DBh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 74330DCEh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 787447D1h
sub     eax, 798D662Eh
add     eax, 93A9913Fh
add     eax, 0CF71C47Dh
sub     eax, 2154E94Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 3888CD58h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 1B8FF851h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0A907518Eh
sub     eax, 0A8920D79h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F9F132A0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A713CE8Eh
xor     eax, 0B175483Bh
xor     eax, 3C6EA101h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C7496FBFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 54745291h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 2F4CA1FEh
xor     eax, 45EC12B8h
xor     eax, 0B07DCA70h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 39CF4E58h
sub     eax, 0FAE75AC3h
xor     eax, 94E45F8Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5CB3BF4Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5D1AB7A1h
xor     eax, 0B4A99BCBh
add     eax, 4F11BAF3h
sub     eax, 2E8B637Eh
xor     eax, 24875181h
sub     eax, 0CAD094E8h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0E7DC2F2Ah
sub     eax, 689F6933h
xor     eax, 168E4DFAh
sub     eax, 9838321Ch
sub     eax, 90C9D5FAh
xor     eax, 0BFE9B36Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DB85583Fh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0B3B9A678h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 32EE9D7Fh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 3E055091h
add     eax, 0E6584EF5h
sub     eax, 7AD939D5h
sub     eax, 0A3DBC792h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 446A3274h
sub     eax, 23B1281Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 695D38C0h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0EC6B8360h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 598DCE41h
add     eax, 1FBA6FFCh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 9FB06349h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 99FB56F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1A85ED37h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0D9D6D3D6h
xor     eax, 0C94F5F45h
add     eax, 0F937AEC2h
add     eax, 0D9E197F9h
sub     eax, 94F26BD9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AA96B405h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 2496143Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 939750CEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 9766ED26h
xor     eax, 5158198Bh
add     eax, 0DD1B442Dh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3A0D7F3Bh
add     eax, 7BDC96B5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4266E634h
sub     eax, 15942D69h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C4EB68ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0CC943E69h
sub     eax, 9B17C5B0h
add     eax, 2EB29B4Ch
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E3549342h
xor     eax, 7B31A634h
add     eax, 0CE65A71Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E89630ACh
not     eax
add     eax, 35EAB261h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 754BEC1Ah
sub     eax, 9540D8D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0BE1B0463h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 6CA8C98Eh
xor     eax, 0C68254F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E0883468h
xor     eax, 0C59713F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 343C8419h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A5536980h
add     eax, 92582A63h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 5385AEE4h
add     eax, 7A18793Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 4ADB097Fh
sub     eax, 0FC4472F1h
sub     eax, 0AEB99464h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0D224ADB8h
add     eax, 36E0F032h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0CED0F9E1h
sub     eax, 0C1DA15F5h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 7B4BF566h
xor     eax, 0E0DFA14Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 5E781211h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 7C161603h
sub     eax, 7AF964D5h
xor     eax, 0FA81E7A8h
sub     eax, 0BEA1C638h
add     eax, 0E404A67Dh
add     eax, 0E51EB64Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 906E4B7Ah
xor     eax, 9E37871Dh
add     eax, 105BFE72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D1C13C9Dh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0A0A18C1Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0BA492410h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 978E4298h
sub     eax, 2D259D7Eh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0D8FC77B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E2736831h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D7E7B240h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6EF67A27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B4FE7DCBh
xor     eax, 58922C8Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2F97485Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 192CB9A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 824CA40Ah
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 2E482758h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 8306C371h
sub     eax, 958C2159h
add     eax, 3F0CCC71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 29261D08h
sub     eax, 62F78D07h
xor     eax, 0C68035C7h
xor     eax, 0C916113Ah
add     eax, 0A56D8819h
sub     eax, 11B491A4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F771CE2Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0CCD1320Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DAF853BAh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0EE956719h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0B9DAB099h
xor     eax, 0D0FE3627h
xor     eax, 20D911E9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 60AA2858h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0B5C16DC0h
xor     eax, 0D3004135h
add     eax, 0F6B68752h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CCEA1197h
xor     eax, 0AD55DE7Dh
add     eax, 286EFF04h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6ABBDA76h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1DEE60DCh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4FE112E4h
sub     eax, 739CBEBAh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 4F8A93A3h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0EBD3319Dh
xor     eax, 612A25DCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 1C1C911Ch
sub     eax, 0CCC56C9Eh
xor     eax, 0FBE6EF7Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 79469C24h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 90EFE5D5h
sub     eax, 0BE46213Bh
add     eax, 0C4AAA624h
add     eax, 0F31DB300h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 1B6042ECh
xor     eax, 487D5ECCh
add     eax, 0CD5C4568h
add     eax, 93E48478h
sub     eax, 60145759h
add     eax, 0F136B2C2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D1D1CC32h
add     eax, 1C720C74h
sub     eax, 993F6CE7h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D50AEA72h
sub     eax, 96C0DC2Bh
sub     eax, 0BE5FC4EBh
sub     eax, 1D270E48h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0B6D73489h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 2DE74681h
add     eax, 82275A8Ch
add     eax, 0E9202EC8h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 921E0C2Fh
add     eax, 4B1419FAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A7E83DB1h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7434D05Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BEECDE5Bh
xor     eax, 600AB480h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 56837B9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4E16A777h
sub     eax, 63CBDDD2h
add     eax, 49F93E35h
add     eax, 8AC0D2A6h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DAF1C07Dh
add     eax, 6110D1BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4CC3452Ch
sub     eax, 0CF41FCDDh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 8A229781h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 76CA0179h
xor     eax, 4B50D403h
sub     eax, 1DF58FACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D734A566h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0DEF869F0h
xor     eax, 5FD3FC6Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 3E461225h
sub     eax, 1CFAC5A0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 67EA9EF4h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0F10FD124h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0C747F824h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AE7C4476h
xor     eax, 9E3BB1A2h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 8A3DE327h
add     eax, 0D861FEC5h
sub     eax, 7D337475h
xor     eax, 18D82953h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AC767C78h
xor     eax, 0A11F6A18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0C47D5C1Eh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 45B2E8D1h
add     eax, 0E6F249F1h
sub     eax, 58EAFD9Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AABCBD3Eh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0F705F6A1h
sub     eax, 6B31ED21h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3FC5424Ah
xor     eax, 49725A24h
xor     eax, 250183E8h
xor     eax, 0AD9E00E2h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 2A67F97Eh
add     eax, 419D6AEBh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 92A45E29h
add     eax, 47210A3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 7BD44878h
sub     eax, 26A05E8Eh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 67637908h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 847FFF79h
add     eax, 0E6EBCE3Bh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E3C297DDh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 4AF27BBAh
add     eax, 1CE030D3h
add     eax, 0BBE5099Fh
xor     eax, 1283FE48h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 3CFBF119h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1866C7CFh
add     eax, 2810FE4Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 103D9181h
sub     eax, 46E5E232h
sub     eax, 2B682D56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5007CE99h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 793872EBh
xor     eax, 5B0FB171h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8A965761h
add     eax, 2599EC63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F6873245h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 1852446Ah
sub     eax, 1DB81B95h
xor     eax, 0E8B469E5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5D3647A6h
xor     eax, 7CD9099Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 3DE743CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 49F03EDAh
xor     eax, 88EC6F51h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 2AAC9CA5h
xor     eax, 0A7FE23E7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3F7949D9h
xor     eax, 2DC02544h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 46B59476h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 18D89136h
add     eax, 57DB5568h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 1B8337F4h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 271E0401h
sub     eax, 551B0A7Ch
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1E65D86Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6535930Dh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 798D7DCDh
xor     eax, 1E935D47h
sub     eax, 0D1284043h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 8C0BAD9Dh
add     eax, 0D0F5CDDAh
sub     eax, 6F2B5702h
sub     eax, 7127B4EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8D16A06Ch
sub     eax, 0C7A75098h
add     eax, 8279A4DEh
sub     eax, 523CD4B1h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C6EACD91h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1FC0C566h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 6E5E4DD5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 4FA4A605h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4884F005h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 157809F6h
add     eax, 98539C5Bh
add     eax, 0D4081C94h
xor     eax, 0B152EB7Ah
sub     eax, 59EA3557h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BDDAE02Ch
add     eax, 14BD5FDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7949CD28h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0F94DD194h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 4BE88B38h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 5E75D91Bh
xor     eax, 0CC58B340h
xor     eax, 516BBD74h
xor     eax, 67472B00h
not     eax
xor     eax, 10A7A350h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0AC64D5A0h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 55597A37h
xor     eax, 8A46A932h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 61F6A86Eh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0F09F6E4Ah
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 1EF37CBDh
xor     eax, 1CE39204h
xor     eax, 48841CCEh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0E8A8A441h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 817514B3h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 7DD51088h
sub     eax, 30C44B62h
add     eax, 0EA3E75FEh
xor     eax, 7A2D2635h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1D67CF4Fh
xor     eax, 0BB5DEF0Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 2616B322h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1CB92B91h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 4C953F86h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 995D3C97h
add     eax, 1BBBDE85h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 3DCFDF68h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA05ED6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0EF389FF8h
sub     eax, 0CEFBCA54h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DDD78676h
add     eax, 394D31C4h
xor     eax, 0F7C14996h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0C56C6B11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 65DEA370h
sub     eax, 0BF5CB133h
not     eax
add     eax, 101EE87Bh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 1A681EFAh
xor     eax, 0C07A8312h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EA95965Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6148E602h
sub     eax, 46089FF2h
sub     eax, 793F33B3h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0C3D47F93h
add     eax, 15626750h
add     eax, 0DA4BE8ABh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0D706F7B4h
add     eax, 6DF2B7C0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 21844807h
sub     eax, 4D7B7495h
sub     eax, 0C9B04BEFh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 3BB5C928h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0BCA7CED7h
sub     eax, 0BE7B3C04h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1C9F3ECFh
xor     eax, 630390AEh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 624E2D71h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C8E07011h
add     eax, 85A70FDEh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 8CA63D85h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0CA148A0Dh
xor     eax, 0A2B3F000h
xor     eax, 8AB33AFDh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F733F9EDh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 881D7B5Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 6DCB7851h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 23915CB0h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 44F6825Fh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 2AAEE95Bh
sub     eax, 79ACD075h
sub     eax, 0F5C4ABAEh
xor     eax, 0F9B6FE1Eh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DBE3CC43h
add     eax, 9AC3BC27h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7733FF5Bh
add     eax, 5FEA8F70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 665736D3h
xor     eax, 5E9B3A1Fh
add     eax, 649A750Eh
add     eax, 2B21A5C0h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0F6797A9Dh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0F4809101h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 715A0206h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 7DF89A7Fh
add     eax, 0A8282688h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 127E39F3h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0D564408Eh
sub     eax, 7033AC83h
sub     eax, 2CE5ED67h
sub     eax, 87B5D80Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F23BE5B2h
sub     eax, 0B5A1CDF9h
xor     eax, 2EA819F9h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E359B2D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9972D233h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 9EF995B1h
not     eax
add     eax, 43B98522h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CD7C5E05h
xor     eax, 9BAAEE79h
xor     eax, 22FF5702h
add     eax, 809C3AE1h
add     eax, 0BDA3AFC9h
sub     eax, 53215675h
sub     eax, 0D1C8CC48h
add     eax, 9117A1FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FE3B8D2Ah
xor     eax, 1B348FC5h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 7499259Fh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0A53B01BDh
sub     eax, 318D5EC5h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0C5DAB575h
add     eax, 7B44BBFBh
sub     eax, 216BA412h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 805070DEh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 4360C440h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C7B87B98h
add     eax, 690E5269h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 0A748DBA8h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 12BB4FF5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EC85428Bh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7205A626h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 378E12C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9BBA974Dh
sub     eax, 0D0FA2FE8h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0B72899A8h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 9CB908D2h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 873FCA0Ch
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DB9C0278h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AF8A5057h
xor     eax, 0AA13E288h
xor     eax, 380478EFh
add     eax, 0BBCB9ABEh
add     eax, 0F774E6D2h
sub     eax, 0C09466EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 972206C9h
xor     eax, 4760D6DBh
add     eax, 85C17640h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 610AA10Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 1D5DE7FEh
add     eax, 78E497AEh
xor     eax, 1FB1A6DDh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 57A95CC0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 261A06C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2CC96968h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 506EB3BAh
xor     eax, 0BF2CE2CEh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 1409AE21h
xor     eax, 0AD062FECh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 16FC9CCFh
add     eax, 0BD192971h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0FA022573h
add     eax, 2F730AB5h
not     eax
add     eax, 9AC1F3F3h
sub     eax, 769CF823h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DA49F71Bh
add     eax, 7998E78Ah
xor     eax, 0CEE2ECEEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 91A8A64Fh
add     eax, 23291DBAh
add     eax, 0E73269E4h
xor     eax, 24B9B639h
sub     eax, 0E7600BAAh
add     eax, 0F082161Ah
sub     eax, 3AE826AAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A3E93262h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D6D915B3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 3E3CFD91h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 32F6108Ah
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C6C6B576h
xor     eax, 0B218C009h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BE41CDF8h
xor     eax, 129701E7h
xor     eax, 0D8608214h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 317D9549h
sub     eax, 0FDF6C5BFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AACDBFA3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 29F8F3D7h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 625D8FE3h
add     eax, 0B4D8766Fh
sub     eax, 0D2B33CAFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A7648690h
not     eax
add     eax, 27C92B41h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 9299BBFAh
add     eax, 1D8F4ADBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8E7513F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D2225AB3h
sub     eax, 0FE926EE2h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 3C609F0Dh
xor     eax, 35A4B2D2h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0B0025B59h
xor     eax, 3EC50800h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 647CF238h
xor     eax, 5D211623h
sub     eax, 3D926F01h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 793C581Ch
add     eax, 128F18C6h
not     eax
add     eax, 3C7A9F25h
not     eax
sub     eax, 31ABC93Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0DDFB17F2h
add     eax, 4516B298h
sub     eax, 9C472BD1h
xor     eax, 3A8EACB8h
sub     eax, 313BC6F4h
xor     eax, 0B75D0297h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DD92CC75h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 9E71729Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4909DEC4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F4959DA0h
xor     eax, 0FF6F8A0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 2A58F88Fh
add     eax, 733D41B2h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 53C24C44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E91A158h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 1C9191FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A0382A6Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 92DD3CFFh
xor     eax, 48311ABCh
sub     eax, 0E155EADDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 25EC7AEDh
add     eax, 0C5A1E989h
not     eax
add     eax, 61EE96ABh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0C17C0617h
add     eax, 0FB00E6A7h
add     eax, 0D858A607h
add     eax, 2DC3F644h
sub     eax, 440D19A0h
xor     eax, 91DDF480h
add     eax, 0A625F2DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 3F4925DAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B0C7BA97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 287B71E1h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0BD52D6C4h
sub     eax, 279053E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 87730E29h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 396B43E6h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B3769B76h
xor     eax, 4F2ECE48h
add     eax, 0B7C5E766h
add     eax, 0B60DA00Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 29C87443h
sub     eax, 0F3C4D6FDh
add     eax, 117BCA14h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0D3DDC4DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0F4658733h
xor     eax, 0DB47B8C7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4B1AEC51h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0AAEED12Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5E3F5F97h
add     eax, 2E4680BBh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0E4EE8AFDh
add     eax, 36F55B74h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0A07A1866h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CE70AF11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D2D7D581h
sub     eax, 8872CAD7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F42A2397h
sub     eax, 7534136Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FDC6A2B2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0BC851A57h
sub     eax, 116165C5h
add     eax, 87968E5Ah
add     eax, 162F624Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C7E52D96h
add     eax, 0EBAD4E82h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E52FDD67h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 98A186A5h
add     eax, 0BBCFE15Ch
xor     eax, 236569D2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0ADDDF7DAh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 6D53D3CAh
add     eax, 407218E1h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0E34B9314h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 104AE7D8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C19347ECh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A08E4BD5h
not     eax
add     eax, 41BC57F4h
add     eax, 0DAA8252Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4FF29EC0h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0C76B531Fh
add     eax, 438E0740h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D530F145h
sub     eax, 0F3F2D62Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A50117B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D63F1C55h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 97DE5BBBh
xor     eax, 852322BAh
sub     eax, 13A84B71h
add     eax, 93550891h
add     eax, 3B3D0BD4h
add     eax, 7569B6D0h
xor     eax, 0BCEE1F8Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0FCEBBB0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 1AA64A10h
sub     eax, 0F3722B7Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7B87B6A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 11DC56B1h
xor     eax, 0D49395B8h
add     eax, 3A7FC5E5h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 354109FEh
add     eax, 0DF27BF98h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3FBE1002h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 4E6AE3EDh
sub     eax, 0D8EC6BBFh
xor     eax, 87091423h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E522F15Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0AA60629Eh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 49E01804h
add     eax, 8DC04956h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6220E383h
not     eax
sub     eax, 88508043h
add     eax, 4F53C7D5h
add     eax, 0C32B13CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 92BE2AC5h
xor     eax, 0C7719FFEh
xor     eax, 0BD832BAFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5DEFAC97h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 207A22F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0D14DF83Ch
xor     eax, 14340E8Bh
add     eax, 0F4178F71h
add     eax, 327C1754h
add     eax, 0DA332F5Ch
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0E41301E1h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 66CFAED6h
add     eax, 9D33CD3Eh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 8B445992h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0E407DC5Dh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 65F09675h
sub     eax, 0DBC4CB4Bh
sub     eax, 0EC7D65BBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 57824959h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0EA6E8412h
xor     eax, 98EC55F6h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 68C3AB83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FEAA8EA1h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 2086C54Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B58EB660h
xor     eax, 59904E00h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 6FF5BF48h
add     eax, 2C192111h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 33C074A7h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 7B5DD44Dh
xor     eax, 0B64359C4h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 265B734Dh
sub     eax, 0F19F822Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C0F6A1C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9FF9AD19h
xor     eax, 0D4FDD9B6h
add     eax, 349EC1A6h
add     eax, 0A257187Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 391D0EE1h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F78F79C9h
add     eax, 0B23529EDh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 54CEBB97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3D935D9Eh
xor     eax, 8E80C8EEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 3DDCAB70h
xor     eax, 3B6F5FC1h
add     eax, 4C9672F1h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 6A05F76Ch
sub     eax, 76FC59F0h
xor     eax, 0A1B45145h
add     eax, 0AB1ACFBCh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0FC01B9CDh
sub     eax, 0D4B24228h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 2F79F050h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 49D589EAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 25461485h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5584DA2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F1207380h
xor     eax, 2F5A4A70h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BA08AFC0h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 1F6115C6h
xor     eax, 0D6A3EAD7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AB895B86h
sub     eax, 0ADB21E7Eh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 5EC461F2h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9B72F33Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CB41D714h
add     eax, 99B40810h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 20A445A1h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 57FAFD3Fh
add     eax, 0B322FFA0h
add     eax, 7F060A7Eh
xor     eax, 52275254h
xor     eax, 5946CE7Dh
xor     eax, 8D941F1Dh
add     eax, 0F175D985h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 302164F1h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 4753F503h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0AB74C814h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E068E95Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F7F0A81Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 8AD1937Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6CBB563Ch
add     eax, 0DB0FC3BFh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 3AA0DF8Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 366FF2A4h
add     eax, 0D75475F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 209005F1h
xor     eax, 0B91716A9h
xor     eax, 0C1D0FF39h
sub     eax, 4DE75E9Bh
xor     eax, 45206F7Bh
add     eax, 7BE16FCAh
xor     eax, 1CEBC329h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7E7830BEh
sub     eax, 0E1A2E65Dh
xor     eax, 743A7D10h
xor     eax, 3129CF44h
xor     eax, 0D1D45EAFh
add     eax, 7208C3DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BA00FC10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0EA2E59CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7BCF790Ch
add     eax, 0B6D94EBFh
add     eax, 0AD768772h
sub     eax, 5BD2475Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 6BAF56F6h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 8215710Dh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0E2363B9Fh
add     eax, 3605678Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 47492891h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 66F7C23Dh
xor     eax, 0CBAB134Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0D485F87Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 871FD2D0h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 448BA4B2h
add     eax, 996BC6E7h
sub     eax, 4916B6F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6D176BDEh
sub     eax, 0DA218665h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4F6701C7h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0AA8B79A8h
add     eax, 0FA16D8D6h
sub     eax, 965671C0h
add     eax, 0FB65BE53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 61499AD3h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7EC5442Eh
sub     eax, 3F5CC05Bh
add     eax, 243AEFF0h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 86DF7C14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FB096C67h
sub     eax, 0BF982A3Dh
sub     eax, 8D22E639h
not     eax
sub     eax, 57A02305h
sub     eax, 0B381F75Dh
sub     eax, 0F005D0B2h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0DF841A24h
add     eax, 0ABA0A8A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B2B479D3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 70E5378Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 5D4CBF03h
add     eax, 0B1DD2C84h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 2846E620h
add     eax, 0FC934102h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 79DF40D7h
sub     eax, 0D8B82968h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 9B8CB09Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0B6200928h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 362DEBFDh
sub     eax, 8DEE346Fh
sub     eax, 16E7E409h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0D95BC183h
sub     eax, 2F496764h
add     eax, 0E9300672h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 321E019Fh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 20F7B474h
xor     eax, 679FAF0Ch
add     eax, 98C1588Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 958C683Fh
sub     eax, 42323083h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A97E3B83h
add     eax, 82D945AEh
not     eax
add     eax, 43687DF7h
sub     eax, 9FCDA282h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F52BE102h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 878D2ECEh
xor     eax, 0CB8CB900h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 13D8AB0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 684076E0h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 26B90ECCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FDEF276Bh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 65A55035h
add     eax, 5CA15E32h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0F8042B5Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0DA529C1Fh
add     eax, 214ECDF9h
add     eax, 16E1B71Bh
sub     eax, 7D3ADC8Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0EDA5C00Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 33F82F85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2506E4C0h
sub     eax, 0C91D5236h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E3B5C4A6h
add     eax, 0FBA3D4DCh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F6907268h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0D7B9775Bh
sub     eax, 85EE39F4h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 1AD2CA3Eh
xor     eax, 0C6C615D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 247CEDCAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 6CAB4BD5h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 8A7B3B4Fh
sub     eax, 7A3A550Ah
sub     eax, 0CA890031h
xor     eax, 0ACF54EE0h
sub     eax, 4CBEE4EEh
sub     eax, 2F43E5F6h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 34A67112h
xor     eax, 0B8931E5Ch
add     eax, 0C727A03Dh
sub     eax, 1E3EE176h
xor     eax, 9A05BBC5h
sub     eax, 6B4221ABh
xor     eax, 4C195161h
add     eax, 0D5019BB5h
add     eax, 953A1CBDh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 68E6DE67h
sub     eax, 7EB69BCBh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 146421C3h
xor     eax, 3C05DC8Ah
xor     eax, 173F6341h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0DD1C5320h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 19C0F612h
add     eax, 0D4639E17h
not     eax
add     eax, 8DF89B17h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 47B23360h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 24A400A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 751A120Dh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0D97853BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 8E2C453Dh
xor     eax, 0DF854CD4h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 1F06CA86h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0F5CF512Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DE1754D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0B252F58Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0C33F8388h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 2D6EF967h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0EE9801D1h
xor     eax, 10578990h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 2E0AE886h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F73FC980h
not     eax
add     eax, 1A3AD0CAh
xor     eax, 83A4362Ch
sub     eax, 0B10C6B4Bh
xor     eax, 3E6BBBBCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0F8A1571Ah
xor     eax, 6EF8CB86h
add     eax, 0A8BB0EF6h
add     eax, 0B1276BCCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0A28EC02Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 362F2A11h
not     eax
add     eax, 95193397h
sub     eax, 0D094A1A1h
add     eax, 2D7B186Ah
xor     eax, 113FBCB4h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 7EB72741h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 432BE240h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0D5107622h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EDFB5A36h
add     eax, 92DAB044h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EC794B08h
xor     eax, 88A5955Ch
add     eax, 70B639EEh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 84223378h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 64287FBAh
xor     eax, 59F7D61Dh
sub     eax, 57C07844h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 1C8EE320h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DBA40921h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0F69C1FC3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F6896210h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 54A57594h
xor     eax, 811EE01Bh
xor     eax, 2F8FD4FDh
xor     eax, 75F3158Eh
xor     eax, 3F62BE40h
xor     eax, 17344904h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0DB1085EEh
xor     eax, 613889C4h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A899B426h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 20D43C63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5BF6AC2Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 36CA203Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E56DCAEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4BAC80F5h
add     eax, 43B56020h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0D1947B5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 9706A7F9h
sub     eax, 36A3503Eh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 65625D67h
sub     eax, 0C2A7E54Fh
xor     eax, 24FCE711h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8B084D4Dh
xor     eax, 6664D299h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 9C23D7FAh
add     eax, 9F407B26h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 905F9621h
not     eax
sub     eax, 19A44559h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 7358548Dh
sub     eax, 88FBA267h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 9BCBF0D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 8CA1EB88h
not     eax
add     eax, 780A5149h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9FA434E9h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0ED0DBBAFh
sub     eax, 45EFDA53h
add     eax, 372CC194h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0EDF2F0C5h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 70EF2244h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0AF67AC94h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 61A49B34h
xor     eax, 4294D9B9h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6D224599h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0D0B2F330h
xor     eax, 0AA71C263h
sub     eax, 71930439h
sub     eax, 511BEA47h
add     eax, 0D0E0D913h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 6CA44EB3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9953DF12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6CA517EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AA296B87h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0ACF4BDC8h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0C2E26864h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 9954C10Dh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0DCFF3882h
add     eax, 7A0BBCFCh
xor     eax, 0C1C24AA6h
add     eax, 0A9CD5B86h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E11EE3ADh
add     eax, 99AAF509h
sub     eax, 0D3E00013h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 630A9141h
sub     eax, 4A944E54h
sub     eax, 0BBBF5F59h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 816EC3F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B1C752AAh
xor     eax, 0F32DD4DCh
add     eax, 9F1F0C85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 17B64021h
add     eax, 0FD81948Ah
add     eax, 3E04732Fh
add     eax, 27C28564h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 887141EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 53DE6DB5h
sub     eax, 38776E5Ah
sub     eax, 25745316h
add     eax, 23BFB2D7h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 99276709h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A6302CC2h
xor     eax, 0C0B21BB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 56EBFF84h
add     eax, 9E882543h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4210BA08h
add     eax, 0B7CFFE61h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 837B1A13h
sub     eax, 0F05EED4Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 372BF113h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CD0E712Dh
xor     eax, 392F0E6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 28C4C10Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 117834FDh
sub     eax, 8F57617Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 4AB25987h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 321C2C39h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5AE36EF5h
add     eax, 0D827A12Ch
add     eax, 0D71D56B1h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C8B65D3Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 6A843CA9h
xor     eax, 64AA0C2Bh
xor     eax, 736F7552h
not     eax
add     eax, 16E30729h
xor     eax, 0F70349E6h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0BAD6B4DBh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A199BAD2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CE8D0D77h
add     eax, 8C8B3F87h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3E9307C6h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 34C4802Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 6B196DB2h
add     eax, 0D52F3477h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 3499EE81h
sub     eax, 0CA012F2Ah
add     eax, 0CB14E649h
xor     eax, 2F5084CBh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 4C97574Bh
sub     eax, 0ED2A029Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B8F08EA0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3FA3F55Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C24E0CA6h
xor     eax, 53886113h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0CBB29AA2h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 63C971B3h
sub     eax, 0EC027880h
add     eax, 0A69CBE52h
xor     eax, 85360D4Ch
add     eax, 9DABDA39h
xor     eax, 0A74E30E3h
add     eax, 58D4DF0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F601E6D4h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A5898CDh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ADCB0130h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 529A2C5Eh
add     eax, 76A0A04Eh
sub     eax, 10560879h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0FD4D7B5Fh
xor     eax, 0F15F648Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8DF7A332h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 48DAF8DDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 9ED5A564h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E8DFC328h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AD2BF214h
add     eax, 142AE2D4h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0FEFC6AE0h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0D1A8ED12h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 311A3CBEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B93C1B72h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 351363F7h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0C39A4B5Fh
xor     eax, 6AA6EF6Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D55B7751h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 8A39BA1Bh
xor     eax, 622883DBh
sub     eax, 7F60E2D7h
add     eax, 0F00B6F6Eh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 31E2FA12h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0B5613A73h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0EED37D9Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 8D3EC35Bh
sub     eax, 5D5FE7F1h
add     eax, 715AB70Ch
sub     eax, 4E802EE3h
sub     eax, 9EF5ADC7h
xor     eax, 0AF5BDF19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 175756D9h
xor     eax, 8CDEEF73h
sub     eax, 25B5736Eh
xor     eax, 832A67CAh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 8C2B7FEFh
xor     eax, 94FE5DA5h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0A286088Dh
add     eax, 4F6517BDh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 77C1C595h
add     eax, 4D195A86h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 8C6541B3h
add     eax, 1BCB30A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0ABD3C79Ch
xor     eax, 1841BCB1h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 332ED9F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A25A57BEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8804DF7Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E1D2D18Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 1BDB1C9Ah
xor     eax, 0C5F77876h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 7E5CF395h
add     eax, 0A4B42B82h
sub     eax, 47BBAEDEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 8859F457h
xor     eax, 5F21E210h
xor     eax, 69F2B73Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 8BF2542Eh
xor     eax, 0FE3F48C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A1EBCAC4h
add     eax, 791598ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6F1203DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AD737D98h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 74E682CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 762FDE1Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 806B63D4h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EC835CA8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0A7281167h
sub     eax, 0F7BCBF04h
sub     eax, 0E943CC85h
add     eax, 0A5009CECh
sub     eax, 0EC9E14F3h
add     eax, 0F66380D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6443C764h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 531E37B3h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0F58B4533h
xor     eax, 0CE0D2C52h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0F6746C7Bh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0DBD2D38Ah
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0D424FCE5h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 52C0376Fh
sub     eax, 0D45EDFA2h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 30EE9CC8h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 66A8AB71h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 58197655h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 2F3FD66Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 79FB7DEDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B2C35978h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0D7398870h
xor     eax, 0A0A220F4h
sub     eax, 7186664Fh
xor     eax, 0A6A40FE0h
add     eax, 3DE81373h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0B5F4AF67h
xor     eax, 0DB9CA9CAh
xor     eax, 3FDC4ADDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8194DBCBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 216D7D56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 27D1C876h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0EAE2A54Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 876852ABh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D13ACE4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 83C82C0Ah
sub     eax, 0C85C093Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F6058FD7h
sub     eax, 0D9B0E4FFh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 15BC1C24h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0F2867427h
sub     eax, 0C6635600h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0B9C0A3DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9D3BB3B5h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0E25A67B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 515A2AE2h
add     eax, 0CF7E551Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 852B9826h
sub     eax, 4793F954h
add     eax, 5DFECF6Eh
add     eax, 7AB33C6Fh
xor     eax, 0B8C69E63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FD425DBFh
xor     eax, 0FD738AA3h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 5627B547h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FCCC643Ah
sub     eax, 9E36E0AFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ACAC1A00h
add     eax, 0BAD77B83h
add     eax, 0B143EDC2h
sub     eax, 0C7E97A3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 90ECF84Eh
add     eax, 427445EBh
add     eax, 5BC30422h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0C29452E2h
sub     eax, 0A3A37F83h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 74A4760Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 4A61CAC7h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0CDA30D7Ch
xor     eax, 914FFDACh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0BC063000h
sub     eax, 782AFE9Ch
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3FE51479h
sub     eax, 31F305D2h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 2AE3714Bh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 611D604Bh
sub     eax, 0B1CB38C7h
xor     eax, 570924CAh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0D3C2AEEEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 246BDE12h
xor     eax, 0CEA3CB58h
xor     eax, 0FC7A3565h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0A5181EE0h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 61DEC570h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 2F571CD5h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0B4E74848h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 898B70F5h
sub     eax, 67D44272h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 4FD5B93Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 877B85BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9BB828A3h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 51D84549h
add     eax, 517DDADFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C25AAB0Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 3B0941D0h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 280E911Bh
sub     eax, 0B56F0A21h
add     eax, 64C0AB9Ch
add     eax, 71E69523h
xor     eax, 0D73146B3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 363BD63Fh
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 92EC20BEh
xor     eax, 0F0D2D4B9h
add     eax, 0DA08B9F6h
xor     eax, 6CF14152h
sub     eax, 7E3D6C44h
sub     eax, 128A3371h
xor     eax, 0A926C619h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4CEA025Fh
xor     eax, 87E1F51Eh
add     eax, 83C453BCh
add     eax, 0D4D1C123h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F6D2FF47h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 24B3B37Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 3DBFCD39h
sub     eax, 654C9527h
add     eax, 169ABA89h
sub     eax, 0E28F9A4Dh
xor     eax, 90024B2Ch
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5F8268AFh
sub     eax, 59D70D2Ah
sub     eax, 80B99EDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0F891A866h
add     eax, 0E3F22AD7h
xor     eax, 852BBE1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0C76CF548h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 28B13930h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CD935AA2h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D3985219h
add     eax, 0BF218A60h
add     eax, 32F086CDh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 11196861h
xor     eax, 50D69143h
add     eax, 442BEA3Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0FE76747Dh
xor     eax, 0C258E803h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 14AC5847h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 6D3E6E04h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0D9B16EB0h
sub     eax, 6D0BB1ABh
add     eax, 0F0C0C744h
xor     eax, 902691F8h
add     eax, 2A5CD025h
sub     eax, 810ABC57h
xor     eax, 36927C95h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0A3BE0902h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 84370444h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C3522C66h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 425E1177h
add     eax, 292A82C7h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 80129C8Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DF8DDE16h
sub     eax, 6B377916h
sub     eax, 0B3AED409h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C0963D89h
add     eax, 54347B87h
add     eax, 0D07B0449h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 7595C001h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0F4335C25h
sub     eax, 73B5598Ch
add     eax, 0FC9B3D08h
not     eax
add     eax, 8F809E0Ah
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 389D570Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BA5DE1F5h
add     eax, 734D77AAh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 6CB7F503h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0DF799D8Dh
sub     eax, 972E2969h
sub     eax, 236FD2C0h
sub     eax, 5C98C154h
add     eax, 38E89BF7h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0BAAD0B88h
xor     eax, 0F5C3508Bh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 2C574D07h
xor     eax, 5E5A7A0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ABAE2155h
xor     eax, 0C64804E3h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 7F6DABBCh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 81DD4DAAh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AE489B08h
xor     eax, 0C071CCA7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 0FD7BECD8h
xor     eax, 3DB2F0C9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 82FADE7Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3B704E34h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 80547597h
not     eax
sub     eax, 993347B5h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0D2397BA0h
sub     eax, 0CD3B19BFh
add     eax, 79600CB7h
sub     eax, 8584D52Bh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0ADFFB245h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 8919274Bh
sub     eax, 6A69F732h
xor     eax, 43FEB24Ch
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 398BB40Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 85A81783h
add     eax, 2E1F4DDAh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E9E54B1Ah
sub     eax, 0B306BC79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EAE8E8E6h
add     eax, 0CB86EB77h
sub     eax, 0EE6AA0E4h
add     eax, 0C74F97CAh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4B93FFF1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2E41875Eh
sub     eax, 2C4AC282h
add     eax, 80FD8140h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C4019FBAh
xor     eax, 72B6BC88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2CAE6116h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 4F15A732h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0D431906Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A2C7F40Ch
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0B85D0907h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 35EE91F5h
xor     eax, 6085314Fh
sub     eax, 37A57CE0h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2DFDF77Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0F144FA2Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 7CCF7C6Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A1340540h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 7CA268C0h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 937DE25Ah
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 763218F0h
sub     eax, 141B1878h
xor     eax, 6A794308h
add     eax, 8C02CEABh
sub     eax, 0D910B0A7h
xor     eax, 502EE9C9h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0FA5DE743h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6222B033h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 22E91A8Bh
add     eax, 0A714C103h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0A9320604h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C2F80C5h
add     eax, 581FB932h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 31565059h
xor     eax, 5BBF3D11h
xor     eax, 145A91DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8827AF30h
xor     eax, 0E51B3A88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F7C6C7CDh
xor     eax, 0E4BF8EC9h
xor     eax, 78EAB631h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 9B96C785h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F744E0F5h
sub     eax, 0EB9134D5h
xor     eax, 0C4EC3585h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0A119623Bh
xor     eax, 0B2B7F9A4h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 4FD70E04h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 4F86CCE0h
xor     eax, 8ECC2BEAh
add     eax, 8A8286E3h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0BA863C1Eh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 8C5D0FF9h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B0C3F384h
sub     eax, 0CEB6FA6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0DE0E64CEh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 92AB505Bh
sub     eax, 96C046D3h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 33058243h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8197F4CDh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0ECC6233Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B0A4C8E3h
xor     eax, 68F4F74Ah
add     eax, 0F2C88C66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EEBB4C60h
add     eax, 71527BAAh
sub     eax, 5A090651h
xor     eax, 2C1D8E1Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 652491B8h
xor     eax, 3D3487F5h
xor     eax, 0E83DB45Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 832092CBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7255B074h
xor     eax, 0F290389Eh
xor     eax, 0ACA2DA31h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 7D6AC796h
xor     eax, 0EA6A2018h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 263A9F37h
xor     eax, 2A100576h
sub     eax, 0E1BCAA43h
xor     eax, 20876B81h
xor     eax, 28E99367h
add     eax, 0B68C4CB6h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0F2AA5689h
add     eax, 955198AAh
xor     eax, 88B13032h
xor     eax, 8561248Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 77F97CEFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 7C072F44h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 8045D55Eh
xor     eax, 7AD0C428h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 708439E5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4B148E92h
xor     eax, 9021ACF0h
add     eax, 3B0EA9F2h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 8E388C6Bh
xor     eax, 569C4369h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EDD63341h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0E50BDDD9h
sub     eax, 0D8786511h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 8B27F0D6h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 29E91B0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2D3E764Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 106D21B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0F5002C2Eh
xor     eax, 0F121F32Eh
xor     eax, 19F745E8h
xor     eax, 3885C554h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 78D7B796h
add     eax, 0D71A4C5Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0E12BC3ACh
add     eax, 0A6F7EA87h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0FB7F2652h
sub     eax, 39F06399h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 64B99788h
xor     eax, 0CAA3CF5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F03921B8h
sub     eax, 5936FC21h
add     eax, 53E9E4E9h
xor     eax, 4D11E4D6h
xor     eax, 344CC2D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 9CB6CB18h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 1FF146F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2407D100h
xor     eax, 0CDE2B307h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 9CCFFBBDh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EB1B8832h
xor     eax, 0EA5085D2h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 6EBAA6CBh
add     eax, 0BE17EE8Bh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 6C61CBE9h
sub     eax, 7AEF37BDh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0C0720F78h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 1792D9D7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 179A3954h
add     eax, 882FFF27h
xor     eax, 47D973A4h
sub     eax, 232D09D8h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C5A3BB36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CB64BE93h
sub     eax, 0AE4166EEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2E0D3086h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0FCC059D2h
add     eax, 11E24138h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D22B12B8h
sub     eax, 0A1512BD4h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 707E9CC2h
xor     eax, 0C59338E3h
add     eax, 2C89CD42h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B6D42592h
xor     eax, 45260DE4h
add     eax, 1F62C09Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0D372466Dh
sub     eax, 0BBBCD680h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E051F2E4h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A7767575h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0E9CE6681h
sub     eax, 0E1E5ECE0h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 295421E5h
add     eax, 92A05ED4h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 38E5FA81h
add     eax, 0F22F7D0Bh
sub     eax, 656CCF31h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 47793156h
xor     eax, 9D8D6B2Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0AD810B0Fh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 8C882DB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5E8CAC28h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0CAB0F137h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E1E87A0h
add     eax, 0DEE91897h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D5C4C4A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 66E679A6h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 690662F7h
sub     eax, 6B1984CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 2B3C5D29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 9528C6C8h
xor     eax, 0FFD40D68h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 8A1A232Bh
add     eax, 0F5E2DD29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F444889Ch
xor     eax, 0D171CAE1h
xor     eax, 0F2D066ACh
sub     eax, 7CF31BFFh
add     eax, 16F54D6Bh
sub     eax, 0FAEF5CF6h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 488C16DFh
add     eax, 9AE6CB39h
add     eax, 25D6A1BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2F655C79h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 8422CEA4h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 22CD27C7h
add     eax, 940C6455h
add     eax, 2857CD9Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0AC8200E8h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0A959BAA7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 93068579h
sub     eax, 76780C30h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 44AD1B92h
add     eax, 3E230361h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0C9E60517h
add     eax, 57EF5EBAh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 3C9244F8h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 89E20DFAh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 3FC234F0h
add     eax, 7F784E83h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D204C8CCh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1E0DDD2Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 469B9A9Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8834CBCEh
xor     eax, 0BD55863Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0EF060963h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 870E8667h
add     eax, 9E73AD2Ch
add     eax, 0A353F31Ah
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5F7011BEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4D34D811h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 26EC4B6Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0F9740028h
sub     eax, 88245C62h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D457DD83h
add     eax, 42C1B9C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6276656Eh
xor     eax, 2FF7B750h
xor     eax, 767A1290h
sub     eax, 59CFC955h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 9E243667h
sub     eax, 24926190h
sub     eax, 6534393Dh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0D231F30Eh
add     eax, 0D181C1D2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BC89D76Ah
add     eax, 0E16F441Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 764BF6BBh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 84A9A507h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 1214B9A2h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 8CFB74ABh
sub     eax, 94204915h
xor     eax, 0EBF85843h
add     eax, 0AF57689Fh
add     eax, 488B0F16h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 7F887C57h
xor     eax, 9133F105h
not     eax
xor     eax, 728D5790h
xor     eax, 1E575545h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 635F0888h
xor     eax, 672BFFEAh
xor     eax, 534A54A7h
add     eax, 26C0D4BBh
xor     eax, 643865DBh
add     eax, 6D808DCAh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 5D6B5130h
add     eax, 0F7339BF0h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 6BE4048Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4135AB50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 93936252h
sub     eax, 0F400E60Bh
xor     eax, 0FBACBF72h
xor     eax, 1507E9F7h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 2C270F90h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 85A7FB88h
add     eax, 0F1976BB1h
add     eax, 0D600EFB0h
sub     eax, 12C7986Dh
sub     eax, 4B23E271h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 852B0489h
add     eax, 72535D27h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0F1A9D712h
add     eax, 74FEFB09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 687E4EDDh
add     eax, 0D511170Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 43A072A2h
sub     eax, 0BB0FA00Ch
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0F8556197h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0EF22E4DAh
xor     eax, 0CDD6AEC4h
xor     eax, 0F86CA0E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0A3B8153Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 886274A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E91757C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 3E7E28EDh
sub     eax, 16995AEDh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 51BA2AE3h
add     eax, 513085A8h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0C69A9B76h
sub     eax, 0ACF2C756h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 979DB33Ah
add     eax, 0CB3C1185h
sub     eax, 0F9894E9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EA9F6DA1h
add     eax, 2BD90117h
xor     eax, 2E152D97h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CEBE169Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0EAC004A3h
sub     eax, 4EE06D9Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0D2C1E19Fh
sub     eax, 804F4EC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 5C43F17Eh
add     eax, 1C619E20h
xor     eax, 12AD47D6h
xor     eax, 0A66AEC13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F68C466Ah
sub     eax, 322CF09Fh
sub     eax, 5B8970B7h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0D56B6CABh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 6D2D815Dh
sub     eax, 0C6BEA356h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 934BD647h
xor     eax, 52BD1722h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0BB00D8CCh
xor     eax, 7028A356h
add     eax, 747B4D0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BC6A7C38h
add     eax, 47B6C04Bh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 13ED57E0h
add     eax, 0B3225C05h
sub     eax, 0A811F6F0h
xor     eax, 0F8E14180h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 447F703Ch
sub     eax, 0DA8F665Ah
xor     eax, 4A69A1A1h
add     eax, 6C4927AFh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0EDF8A4C1h
add     eax, 0F2206E40h
add     eax, 460E2938h
xor     eax, 94C7FE04h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D6F95C1Eh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 46417A34h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0DFA081EFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FB4DB49Eh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AA9DF6ECh
sub     eax, 98E5C0A0h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 9801AF1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CE1C94E4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EBB36520h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8948EA62h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5DC2D52Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 17ED6C78h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0FBAF6CC5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C777DEC2h
not     eax
add     eax, 4395E4BBh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0FFA0329Fh
add     eax, 21AB8999h
add     eax, 0D66243A4h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0E8DF2FB7h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0D4DEA2CCh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 9332D6EFh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 321D4E6Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 3705FA56h
xor     eax, 0C000BF76h
add     eax, 2AB71E06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0CFB7279Ah
add     eax, 4486A8DCh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 64BCDFCDh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 4F41ED7Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 594B4841h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B5BE2213h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 725B476Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 70EBD1A1h
xor     eax, 0E08AFC66h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 9E7DF565h
add     eax, 7551FDA9h
sub     eax, 9140AB0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0DF6E5A25h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0D95F37A9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 74FCCA14h
xor     eax, 83FB1266h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0D1A4884Eh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 610FC634h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3A954F67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 628606D5h
sub     eax, 263B2778h
xor     eax, 94C550FDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BC388EA9h
xor     eax, 0E5A9D317h
xor     eax, 0DE9F2AD7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8DB8A549h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 74C72ABDh
add     eax, 65639D2Bh
xor     eax, 0C10B91ABh
sub     eax, 0B8A69AF7h
add     eax, 0CB0F276Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A5CF624Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 66C5741Eh
add     eax, 0C2F42CDFh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0B10F6093h
add     eax, 63F1FF29h
add     eax, 9CD04AEAh
xor     eax, 7E1CDEB6h
sub     eax, 6B6099ADh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 85B76629h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0A971944Ch
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2D5BCEA6h
sub     eax, 0C2BC3A0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D1DD4670h
sub     eax, 2A32BA67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3A0CE676h
add     eax, 783E8050h
sub     eax, 8F68ACB1h
sub     eax, 3A81161Dh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 98E46A28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B4B2EE3h
sub     eax, 833FEAFCh
add     eax, 0DF2C4E28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 42E2AB8Dh
xor     eax, 0AEC95D8Eh
add     eax, 0B267634Ah
xor     eax, 0CBC7E0B8h
add     eax, 0DFD0E961h
xor     eax, 0AE22FE23h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3E62625Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 71CE2E22h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A70D3D80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8D386A73h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0C044DCCAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0FFB33C6Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 32C2781Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 34F6ED61h
add     eax, 7C7726A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CC9E9E9Fh
sub     eax, 0F86EACB3h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 555AE53Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5E7AD996h
sub     eax, 1D5AB3D3h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0F4C49F09h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CC481D09h
add     eax, 0A45457A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2522962Ah
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 767CBA02h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2496CE53h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 33C4071Ah
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E196E852h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 393AF543h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 3DACA5C1h
sub     eax, 483256B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 248542A4h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 6EC60435h
xor     eax, 54136BFDh
sub     eax, 30900388h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0A412915Fh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 926FDF8Fh
xor     eax, 8A6869A9h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 555EC84Ch
add     eax, 1FEA1BBCh
sub     eax, 0FA59D912h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1B62308Fh
add     eax, 6C51C31Ch
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0F07C1163h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 8FBFE6F3h
add     eax, 0EF6176ABh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 410BCD0Eh
add     eax, 9931E9D1h
add     eax, 0CA05A756h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0F87C7842h
xor     eax, 0F6345433h
xor     eax, 17F8D36Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 930F5C95h
add     eax, 7FE5EACAh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0ACD89455h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 7FCFDD44h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 4A7312FCh
add     eax, 222D6102h
add     eax, 0E9CAECBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0C22A8029h
xor     eax, 0E2F12F4Fh
add     eax, 0C2E9C369h
xor     eax, 40339A9Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 1EE8162Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0FC121EB3h
add     eax, 24059D92h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E1B2759Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 205307B5h
sub     eax, 17236B4Ch
xor     eax, 367B3F1Ch
xor     eax, 0F88D0118h
sub     eax, 0FAB76C99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4D6D30B2h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0B7EBAE90h
xor     eax, 6DA09CFEh
add     eax, 0E9E08372h
sub     eax, 71A17B81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1058D447h
add     eax, 54F8E15Fh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0DDD1CBF8h
xor     eax, 0C57D1792h
xor     eax, 51376246h
xor     eax, 8796D05Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0CBD91A04h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CC206B67h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 840A438Dh
sub     eax, 0D4EC6693h
sub     eax, 57527EE3h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 3185D906h
xor     eax, 0C194D427h
xor     eax, 892D900Dh
xor     eax, 0DABED5A5h
sub     eax, 0B057D01Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 80C24606h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0C269C675h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4CA5D7F2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DFF8CEFEh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0EFDC7BABh
add     eax, 5F65FF3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0A70C98D0h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 1557D9DEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 91F5EA89h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 5C41F70Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 51AB445Eh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 7DDB6EA7h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 9DB77C0Bh
add     eax, 206BA525h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0E039B73Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 4977E567h
xor     eax, 0EEB3C36Eh
xor     eax, 0BE785938h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F9C861E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2EB22880h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0B5303BDEh
add     eax, 0F6B3929Ch
xor     eax, 750AFDA9h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0CEA7C9EAh
add     eax, 0F6EB694Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2C4D29D4h
sub     eax, 6A958D16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 23A124E2h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 296E21AAh
add     eax, 896228D0h
sub     eax, 98FA4F8Eh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 470B79A2h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0E9974868h
add     eax, 866403E0h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 98E32B12h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C17CF5FBh
xor     eax, 0A679DC52h
not     eax
add     eax, 1FBE9B5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E46F72B2h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 65B0B398h
xor     eax, 0BCEFB947h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0BCBE3C7Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0B83C8E11h
sub     eax, 753D46F7h
sub     eax, 8F5406BDh
add     eax, 175130AAh
add     eax, 23EF46F7h
add     eax, 0D50D87C5h
add     eax, 2557DCA6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0C43F562Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FECC7534h
add     eax, 7D3CE7C7h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 543F4D3Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9649E1E8h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 58A05082h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 52B76D70h
sub     eax, 0C0F0B3E5h
add     eax, 2E93247Ch
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 79D24028h
xor     eax, 0C430D967h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3F49C4F4h
add     eax, 0B7FBB0A1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F69B6440h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 6BED6A51h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB910A46h
add     eax, 9184443Ah
sub     eax, 0CC2B59CEh
sub     eax, 7555C4E4h
sub     eax, 4F8FDB3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 763EAC64h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AF0F90E5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 493204A4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D52A4170h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 9952FE8Dh
sub     eax, 78B055DDh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C15591F5h
sub     eax, 86D77E0Ah
xor     eax, 0ED131DB8h
sub     eax, 6CF5F7DBh
xor     eax, 0EB9CC41Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 494B0889h
not     eax
sub     eax, 93CF9979h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 50BB7403h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0BD522135h
not     eax
add     eax, 744C213Dh
add     eax, 53414E2Ah
xor     eax, 0A3CD1D64h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 14797A15h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 7F4ADFD5h
sub     eax, 0F31B1BA7h
sub     eax, 84697CD2h
add     eax, 95F7A3C7h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0DF852B97h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 7AA7A6FAh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0A1E885AEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3BD8C614h
xor     eax, 0EB4B9517h
sub     eax, 308438C8h
xor     eax, 0DBBC6181h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0CCEA759Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0ED3C3D56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 2212A119h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 2E840F5Eh
add     eax, 4EE5FC7Ch
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9789DA6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 32F629E3h
not     eax
add     eax, 2DD49BEBh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 8D088483h
sub     eax, 6443E163h
xor     eax, 5FBF85CAh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4679D262h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0F33943CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7B6D6DBBh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 3C011EB5h
xor     eax, 9A2CAE2Ah
xor     eax, 3268BA63h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1C651F2Bh
xor     eax, 40FCF2BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AF227A70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5877824Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0D711D790h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 48230151h
sub     eax, 31D0E629h
add     eax, 38992BBFh
sub     eax, 3FB9FEA7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0EB6AAE72h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 7AABCC3Eh
xor     eax, 9F52D2F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C98E7AACh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6AAA3C1Ch
sub     eax, 0E95FDA9Dh
add     eax, 0D52FAFFFh
xor     eax, 8027A129h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 1A988C03h
xor     eax, 4A7298FAh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A516D246h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AA8727A3h
xor     eax, 344C96A7h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 6282E586h
xor     eax, 77673744h
sub     eax, 9E3DC5A0h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 29FC6A41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 96B4AF73h
sub     eax, 9A16E624h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E816231Eh
xor     eax, 0AE0BA09Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E76FA6B0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 979ECF02h
sub     eax, 92C369DBh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0CF137E03h
add     eax, 0B32456C7h
add     eax, 0DE244015h
add     eax, 9686B25Bh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 375DF7B4h
sub     eax, 0B0F96FA7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0BBCA9AF4h
xor     eax, 523E3DC8h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0CF4C2F44h
add     eax, 0D8A54C05h
sub     eax, 48E6E776h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 3BBEB464h
sub     eax, 0E41CFB30h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 900DBBB4h
sub     eax, 0DA83C58Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 83D0E38Ch
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0EEA09A4Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0B28C6C5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3120AAFFh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F63A398Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0C388DD68h
add     eax, 0FC624C3Fh
sub     eax, 9412EDE1h
add     eax, 0EC06DEEEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 56480B51h
not     eax
add     eax, 58AE890Ch
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 50D9223Ah
add     eax, 231ADD3Dh
xor     eax, 70EFFCB9h
xor     eax, 65EFEBEDh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0B1844FF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F9D76797h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0D4F872B5h
add     eax, 8C1944F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4ED58F42h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 1327F295h
add     eax, 0FC429A07h
sub     eax, 0D0DEC8B7h
xor     eax, 187B8001h
add     eax, 2264C6A1h
sub     eax, 1CF3E9C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 589613FBh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 53653BB0h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3241DB23h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0FB4312A2h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D15E731Fh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16E0225Ch
xor     eax, 770024ACh
xor     eax, 8F3D3506h
xor     eax, 0DAF2F6F0h
sub     eax, 0B48EC982h
add     eax, 0FBC6E2DAh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0ECFD379Fh
xor     eax, 917D416Dh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BFAA06A2h
sub     eax, 0ABCE801Dh
add     eax, 0C70056EBh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 668270D9h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0EC5AF4D7h
sub     eax, 682A46F1h
add     eax, 83B5E1B3h
add     eax, 1F6746F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 3FF72DCCh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DEA058D4h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 72428CFFh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E51C1619h
add     eax, 1BB2B829h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 75FE69A9h
add     eax, 0AB7763FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9A04126Dh
xor     eax, 0C149E70Bh
sub     eax, 0DDAA3535h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 36D471E2h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 68C1F25Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FE11E63Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 79E64B6Dh
add     eax, 438FB6B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DB8B43AFh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 220BB030h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 235ACD6Fh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0DA0CF5FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B32D75E6h
xor     eax, 0CDCCEE4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BEFB5695h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4A872526h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CE07E802h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B8F0E63Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 4BAA6084h
not     eax
add     eax, 3A54D7A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 80F276DCh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CE10A7A1h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 1DAF296Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9ADD87FEh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E3E9FE04h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 9017291Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0C952F5BEh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 6D24192Bh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 75BA4747h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F0C5CA36h
add     eax, 9099440Bh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0B692BA84h
add     eax, 33C7D918h
xor     eax, 332B98E5h
sub     eax, 0BB84FB14h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D3FEDFABh
sub     eax, 597DA288h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 522CC431h
sub     eax, 2D94E5B2h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0DCC318C4h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0D6E7BDFFh
add     eax, 22668917h
add     eax, 6EF01A50h
xor     eax, 5FC653B2h
sub     eax, 67047535h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 9DF2D7CFh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0AC42C09Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 55AEDFA9h
add     eax, 0BB540E9Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C0419986h
xor     eax, 0BA06B201h
xor     eax, 6021495Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0A1D86F17h
sub     eax, 0F84F6F78h
add     eax, 15DF8563h
add     eax, 2655A19Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EB39D77Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ABEC5E16h
add     eax, 6E74F708h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9994692Ch
xor     eax, 7621CA8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 2C8D0E69h
xor     eax, 1572246Fh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A590C4B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 44B2B4EBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F3162C06h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 20D62CEAh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E103B2B5h
sub     eax, 7C1202A0h
add     eax, 276D6A01h
xor     eax, 6CF0F9CAh
sub     eax, 0E67E5854h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 2A6F8331h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 9C95C440h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4D48DAE7h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 18650782h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 1E058F69h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0FDADB013h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0F6E2F32Ah
sub     eax, 9F719969h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0FB18D006h
xor     eax, 94720A64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 56328048h
add     eax, 42574D1Ch
sub     eax, 3255E643h
xor     eax, 9675423Eh
add     eax, 0A618CC5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C1B674A9h
add     eax, 58DDE2A5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EF6A9A9Dh
add     eax, 22F1EE02h
sub     eax, 6AA06067h
sub     eax, 0BDB93715h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 122FAD0Bh
add     eax, 0AE368C98h
xor     eax, 7229EE3Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 3C733800h
sub     eax, 0E8A1730Ch
xor     eax, 8DDABC72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0EFE0BEC5h
xor     eax, 9D40C57Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E6540BAEh
add     eax, 4E3AC87Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 32C92B10h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FCCEC025h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F23F568Dh
xor     eax, 0E613AD52h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 483682B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B7C8CE81h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4546F048h
xor     eax, 0C479A9B5h
add     eax, 0B0FF3FB5h
add     eax, 0F665C403h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4A60A047h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 567D727Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 99D7FA91h
xor     eax, 19E2F38Eh
add     eax, 8DA7B919h
sub     eax, 0CE9624B7h
xor     eax, 0E0E0B423h
xor     eax, 0B06EC1DEh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0CD7132B1h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E89FE30Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B65FA198h
sub     eax, 6412F423h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C78E9D92h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3487946Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 905ED100h
add     eax, 0C01888C0h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 8FCF5903h
add     eax, 37CC2A6Eh
sub     eax, 8317479Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0DBF3BC62h
sub     eax, 859DCE26h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2963D946h
xor     eax, 9F55F595h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0F4FED135h
sub     eax, 0B5F888ADh
xor     eax, 83A63A56h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E7F0A1CDh
sub     eax, 84037918h
sub     eax, 0D6159F85h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 3D67979Fh
xor     eax, 3932D8BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 2E254110h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 88011CCDh
add     eax, 0F15EAC5Bh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 69D95730h
add     eax, 0EA5B1E4Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B357FF37h
sub     eax, 0E1995BEAh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0CF9EA0F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 1F70E5E3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0CE1B1196h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C085C74Ch
xor     eax, 229E1684h
add     eax, 6314B02Ch
sub     eax, 0C3BEAB17h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 56F405E5h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 588ED656h
xor     eax, 0F616F6D9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0D5D23C16h
xor     eax, 84AC0ED6h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C2F45A9Fh
xor     eax, 94D45740h
not     eax
add     eax, 6A33AB95h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 809EFE8Bh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 91972D55h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0A27A8805h
add     eax, 8E3B7A95h
xor     eax, 753B2FB6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A94B9F36h
add     eax, 0AA3B5856h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 52737009h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1635BA1Dh
xor     eax, 7047D21Ah
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0F073CB38h
add     eax, 175864D3h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0A63B24D1h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E121D631h
sub     eax, 0E0F03B92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A48ABFE6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 447282D5h
xor     eax, 0ABA20754h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A048059Bh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 7AD05B08h
not     eax
add     eax, 516B4B51h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B0903A0Ah
add     eax, 0C1533B73h
sub     eax, 670AF75Dh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0BB3B0584h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AD15C8A8h
sub     eax, 0C3828258h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 739A6809h
xor     eax, 24C214A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5F49BFD6h
add     eax, 99C0002Dh
xor     eax, 0E1BABBC2h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B6B7D845h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0DB492A35h
sub     eax, 0A43C45F1h
add     eax, 6B9C896Ch
sub     eax, 7E9DBD12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FF5F51EFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8BE851DEh
add     eax, 353EBD1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0AD7F5AF9h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9E86200Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0A3B0A186h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 48D86784h
not     eax
add     eax, 9F4D1207h
add     eax, 302A498Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 939593B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C0E03540h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 94027089h
xor     eax, 5FD9947Ah
sub     eax, 0F2DE3D7Eh
sub     eax, 5D778585h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 60673C4Eh
add     eax, 47BAF968h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 7901D5B6h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 27775BE3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 15008EEFh
xor     eax, 0D1805537h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0C1317A01h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 917EC79Fh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0F58B392Bh
add     eax, 0BC6DCEA7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CFE39277h
xor     eax, 0FF0187F5h
xor     eax, 7E594499h
sub     eax, 0FF503041h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 236BA24Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 4D0022ACh
xor     eax, 0BBB40DA5h
xor     eax, 2FC9C31Ch
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0CE1904DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0FF3701ACh
sub     eax, 92917A18h
xor     eax, 1E4FC8F2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1785EF2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5E694B2Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 1AEF381Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 774EEC05h
sub     eax, 0ED06E802h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0F3EC2725h
sub     eax, 0D9607D5Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 14C14C47h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0D21FEBC3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 49D9B721h
sub     eax, 111B05FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 393D7ED1h
sub     eax, 7FCF7A18h
sub     eax, 0C8660D5Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9E5DE83Ah
sub     eax, 0F15568DAh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2768C419h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 689CAC9Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 10A01108h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 20C70AFCh
xor     eax, 41874F0Bh
sub     eax, 30380291h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 35B0F4F5h
sub     eax, 0CD8DD709h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2527D1ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 754856FCh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0C181F957h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D8415674h
sub     eax, 6ABF39A0h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6C8DE8F5h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 8DE341AAh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0FFAEB639h
xor     eax, 0D09B106Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0D5E6D5C3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 6F6569C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 44D29C1Fh
add     eax, 8B65759Ah
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 126327E8h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0AB384E0Fh
add     eax, 9941E81Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 61C2A6F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0E9534F8Fh
sub     eax, 70942C62h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0F7B8112Eh
sub     eax, 285D05E4h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0AC2ED985h
sub     eax, 5859DD2Ah
add     eax, 0D70C19CBh
add     eax, 7F1FE705h
sub     eax, 465AD3DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E3D7949Fh
add     eax, 37555D2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0CDA2F64Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 2BC7F45Dh
add     eax, 672AEF83h
sub     eax, 0D9B9F179h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 10B33691h
xor     eax, 0D6278C8Ah
xor     eax, 1D0143F8h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 18BEED35h
add     eax, 0E308EAA7h
sub     eax, 95E944CBh
xor     eax, 0FD39B7D5h
xor     eax, 0CBE6ED63h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 2D87E13Ch
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 7A994E56h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 9D1443D4h
xor     eax, 7E3D4D9Dh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 4A1B6BCCh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 23C087F6h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 5B942ACBh
add     eax, 2E455859h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DD8B05C6h
add     eax, 94E68825h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 7E281646h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 370EAB77h
not     eax
add     eax, 472938B6h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C5899D39h
add     eax, 0B0E0A490h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 9393367Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0E280F621h
sub     eax, 0E895B7D5h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 9BAFE6ABh
add     eax, 5A8FA5C0h
sub     eax, 40832CEDh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 2FEC08DFh
xor     eax, 0F4A8DC09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 26AA23DCh
xor     eax, 0F938A4C3h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1C93EC9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F27ABF23h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A200E435h
add     eax, 32C9C9E8h
sub     eax, 7E71DE99h
add     eax, 0F22045DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1FCB5227h
add     eax, 8DBF1E7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DB1C82A7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 58D78617h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 5D0DC071h
sub     eax, 5AC6FF0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 23C22095h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0BF4D6BC0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 33538A30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 45031EC9h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0EA8B996Ch
xor     eax, 0D8AA6EC4h
xor     eax, 76B53536h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 7CC955ADh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0C8D3D6E7h
sub     eax, 0B7683C53h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9A7ED8D7h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 38DB69DEh
xor     eax, 0FE45E272h
xor     eax, 1EC8BC1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0A3087A62h
sub     eax, 5D86D7C4h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 4E5C7A07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C18A3CB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 15371308h
add     eax, 9417D3DDh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 53763C61h
add     eax, 0A3C29A01h
add     eax, 0CA3B147Dh
xor     eax, 9DB635A0h
xor     eax, 590314FCh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 987336FBh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 1D67B58Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 84CB7B9Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E47466CEh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 2FDD7B69h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0C45031E4h
xor     eax, 0B03D37CEh
xor     eax, 8C954E74h
xor     eax, 7DF0EA1Dh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 98A4DC4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C5455C8Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 5CC6E85Eh
xor     eax, 46F4ECEFh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 4E0365E0h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 876A04EFh
xor     eax, 0D225D924h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0B920B459h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 971E7853h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CFD84F41h
xor     eax, 0C1822C4Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 493860AAh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0CEC415EDh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 940B6596h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 9119DB3Bh
xor     eax, 5584A7F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AD5F6C03h
xor     eax, 0FF2E16BFh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 3756BEC9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0F399D2C7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0B3FEF236h
xor     eax, 2667D6E4h
xor     eax, 735E4652h
add     eax, 0B275AC20h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 4C1321F6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1C50206Ah
xor     eax, 8C808690h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 617526BBh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 914619DCh
add     eax, 0E94CD90Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E49B7071h
xor     eax, 0E0B51BDAh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 22F54DDFh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0CFB9C971h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F157282Eh
xor     eax, 0F7C01717h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 7ECE0658h
xor     eax, 0F5DAD2DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3B456B35h
sub     eax, 8B9A30F1h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 3CC5FB1Ah
xor     eax, 0CAC195F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B57B1C17h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 5A44FC7Ah
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 218D8AC5h
add     eax, 994B3C68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3433111Fh
sub     eax, 8F98A17Bh
add     eax, 0A35AFA56h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 4724C3C4h
sub     eax, 0D7649732h
not     eax
add     eax, 449EEAD2h
xor     eax, 27B48548h
xor     eax, 0A4100747h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0A6E35C21h
xor     eax, 1C9B435Eh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0DB31CC20h
add     eax, 75A14A54h
sub     eax, 3A6D2D24h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 6ADD898Dh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0D06CC1CCh
sub     eax, 9511A76Bh
sub     eax, 0F3CF087Fh
add     eax, 871BA02Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0CAFFB513h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0D89251B3h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 151AE27Eh
add     eax, 8FF2557Bh
xor     eax, 15FA1E17h
add     eax, 5E78F323h
add     eax, 0B54E956Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D593A207h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 8B3C3208h
xor     eax, 1114E736h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0AE84BD46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B27D2E9Ah
add     eax, 0DC0BA321h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D3EE325Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 16F6DBD8h
sub     eax, 22ED66F4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0F222DC3Ch
add     eax, 0E446E700h
xor     eax, 0C4A67978h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FBFDD3A1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B3D5925Dh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 53B75CA5h
sub     eax, 60316608h
add     eax, 0CFCE9AF5h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C646C14Bh
add     eax, 22FB0E59h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 683F5A88h
not     eax
add     eax, 1D0DF735h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 22398B00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3C2507B0h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 32E38D5Ch
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 65411668h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 848CAE54h
add     eax, 0E1E43E50h
add     eax, 0E53B1616h
xor     eax, 0C03A4D53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 0E1030CE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C6A17FB7h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 86940F6Bh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B56C237Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 31C6D567h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 2F58544Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6DE84B6Ch
sub     eax, 89D58539h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0EE443B02h
xor     eax, 3DF030B3h
sub     eax, 0FC424FC5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A7CA43BEh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B838C5A9h
sub     eax, 679B1734h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 7F79E7E4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D37B1952h
xor     eax, 0AF66A8BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 40F2D29Dh
add     eax, 87CA6E1Eh
sub     eax, 0F5ED922Bh
xor     eax, 8C283A87h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 5B1515ADh
add     eax, 0CA8D2FBDh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 229BB161h
add     eax, 0AB5C7B6Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 80C7CF91h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 40E17E08h
xor     eax, 0A4FD4F3Fh
sub     eax, 387457FFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 6CA03566h
add     eax, 11059413h
add     eax, 785E7602h
add     eax, 8169F503h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 1CB5B731h
sub     eax, 1F8250D0h
xor     eax, 92050EF5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 53064B85h
sub     eax, 8ECA069Eh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 62C87656h
add     eax, 0E1D6C104h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4FF2419Fh
sub     eax, 47089B67h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 59EB80C4h
add     eax, 0C5A6EF87h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0BC8355A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E8156432h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 16FCD0BEh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 53DE3740h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 82BE2826h
xor     eax, 0E68D7DF9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 12746CE8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0EEE86295h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0AF53179Bh
add     eax, 0CDEE49D6h
add     eax, 340AABBBh
sub     eax, 0B11C7C4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3D4997Ch
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 78F49845h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CE83F23Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 1442E149h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0BF006B34h
sub     eax, 435DD458h
xor     eax, 9AC35E44h
xor     eax, 0F097A591h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0B042490Ah
sub     eax, 893C6E23h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F69544FCh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 4C4D2AC9h
sub     eax, 8A17DF4Ah
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6F9D7EDCh
sub     eax, 0E5A6D828h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1D4D864Ah
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 73A346F4h
add     eax, 1A541FF6h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0CD215DE2h
sub     eax, 1F9681F8h
not     eax
add     eax, 43B61381h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2B601F03h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 6F6FA4ECh
sub     eax, 671794B3h
xor     eax, 0DA4FEE1Ch
sub     eax, 7224AB7Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CA661970h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 7B405C0Fh
add     eax, 9D55A732h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 391749DFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 150E798Bh
add     eax, 311D026Ah
xor     eax, 54530388h
add     eax, 67F9C090h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0E899A934h
add     eax, 0C78B43C7h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0C85F8561h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3B18772Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7BB210B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 5179D0D7h
add     eax, 0DEDE5310h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3416F87Eh
sub     eax, 2E55A50Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 73974365h
sub     eax, 0E54A1F5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 96F5295Ah
sub     eax, 1C508515h
sub     eax, 6C4DC34Ch
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 5E781A56h
sub     eax, 57F4B180h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 58D4C3EDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CA54003Dh
sub     eax, 773430A3h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0E3CD2216h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A3666062h
sub     eax, 0B573CCDDh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 9B117222h
xor     eax, 99157C92h
add     eax, 641052C9h
add     eax, 1DE44AEFh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A63A58B9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 20855089h
xor     eax, 253B47ACh
xor     eax, 51808DBCh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0A37021F1h
add     eax, 2729028Bh
sub     eax, 0CF9AFDCFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0EAC49F38h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0F4AAFD62h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CD7207C5h
add     eax, 33EBD006h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 53A91B1Ch
xor     eax, 2776A50Ah
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E1D687C2h
add     eax, 0FD573E75h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5DAB3846h
add     eax, 0A75EE6F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 4E02CD74h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 62747170h
sub     eax, 0CE756CFFh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 778465AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0E35951F5h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 815E07ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A571F165h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E711E13Dh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0EA393DFEh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 73F22D5Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 1F61D392h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 572E1AE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2D407A7Fh
xor     eax, 4E88DEE0h
xor     eax, 0A9A80660h
add     eax, 2BDD8E20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 30E6EE24h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D6D2A989h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9757CA72h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 5560ECD2h
sub     eax, 0A9ADA815h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0E6C03FF9h
sub     eax, 0F1BFB670h
sub     eax, 3098E870h
sub     eax, 58221B8Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 90458521h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7B5CA52Ch
xor     eax, 9B1E316Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 492373D8h
not     eax
add     eax, 469079A4h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0B826667Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 278357A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 13BBF837h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4F419831h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E90CE9EFh
sub     eax, 8212CEBDh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0A99D3A1Bh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0E9D2EA19h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 266A9672h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0D81B68FFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2B96CE09h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0B2FE37ACh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 8B97E6B5h
xor     eax, 19B45693h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5F979932h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 50093D98h
xor     eax, 7CC98EA3h
sub     eax, 63838D8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 24695346h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 53901148h
add     eax, 6139CFF5h
xor     eax, 21FDB13Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DA64C1AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 80160849h
add     eax, 0B6346900h
sub     eax, 9CC3E440h
sub     eax, 0DA091316h
add     eax, 0D6C3C834h
xor     eax, 4B4904AAh
sub     eax, 98951E6Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C7FDCD54h
sub     eax, 196F5D88h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0FB7AD031h
sub     eax, 0AA0197C5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C18D9910h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F6A84252h
sub     eax, 0C16D9742h
sub     eax, 0A35EC18Ch
xor     eax, 7FACB0A1h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 7D9B413Ah
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 851065D7h
xor     eax, 4CE7128Eh
sub     eax, 0B5408A69h
xor     eax, 613E9606h
add     eax, 44FC2307h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9A9BC4D6h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 98BB65B8h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 84652221h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 5001C77Ch
add     eax, 6F6AEE1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0CA667914h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 9D2BD447h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AD1641C9h
add     eax, 99A8A0D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 3039B258h
add     eax, 0EB32F262h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 994F11C6h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0F45A9D29h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0D4F3DCF3h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 982E1F90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 39BECCB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E53F9DC5h
sub     eax, 9178A474h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0C29D7EF0h
xor     eax, 0BD00E91Bh
add     eax, 7C8B70C5h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 238A7154h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 6F489D24h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9C64E808h
xor     eax, 7779BDE0h
sub     eax, 3E1BEEF0h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 316C38F8h
add     eax, 0F867A69Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 619B44D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0FD85EABEh
sub     eax, 1DF3EF1Eh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 2E66D310h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 661EC675h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 60C3A864h
sub     eax, 0FC84854Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E9C7B91Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 6C6DFDF3h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 8A2EABF6h
xor     eax, 6D4ED39Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E028FF87h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 9BE37953h
not     eax
add     eax, 14929059h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0EB19DB39h
add     eax, 10826080h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BE7816A5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8C3E595Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0FDDC37B4h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7D48608Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8D72EB48h
xor     eax, 0A9851EC2h
add     eax, 3FA911E4h
add     eax, 31F41C94h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0FCCA7B69h
xor     eax, 101C1427h
xor     eax, 74357ECEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 25E434CEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8B09E5E4h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 15573BBEh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0E3B99770h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 8A50E04Fh
add     eax, 43CAD817h
xor     eax, 0D3A15429h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F501C75Bh
sub     eax, 48BF7D6Dh
sub     eax, 952DF505h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C7C8EA29h
xor     eax, 43962424h
sub     eax, 0B8E0914Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A58FC07Dh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 8E6024F7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 6AC084DFh
add     eax, 180BBEBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EF1D8265h
xor     eax, 0D50EDA78h
add     eax, 0B4FB678Ah
sub     eax, 7C3B5C3Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 19A3A1B6h
xor     eax, 0A427796Eh
add     eax, 38795A3Bh
sub     eax, 1B377268h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0F6D43DC1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 379FCD16h
xor     eax, 511DBA77h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 751410C5h
xor     eax, 0C18BF7D6h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 264B4036h
sub     eax, 0C9936D9Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0A6FB3459h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0DE244FCFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 118CAAB0h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 608F8FD6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FA204B17h
sub     eax, 52F59134h
not     eax
add     eax, 840E968Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A4BA75D3h
add     eax, 74A9E9CAh
sub     eax, 0D6EFF0C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5576D91Ah
xor     eax, 469740C5h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F506F9ECh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 7C3204E0h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0B20245D3h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A6A7B276h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B7BD4542h
add     eax, 195F390Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EB9FCAC9h
sub     eax, 55FEF504h
xor     eax, 0F7F2C1E4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4211D152h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0BB7A48E0h
xor     eax, 82763E9Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4EFD8E84h
sub     eax, 9C94F9CDh
add     eax, 0D06B27C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8943D8A2h
add     eax, 0F224B5A2h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 66A562D2h
sub     eax, 28BDCC20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2FBE4385h
xor     eax, 36C99642h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0BF531DC4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FA91C79Ch
add     eax, 5B8E3EB7h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7FDAD6F3h
sub     eax, 0C0AAFF05h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0DA242B69h
add     eax, 0EAD7F2B4h
sub     eax, 6FDC4060h
xor     eax, 56769E7Dh
xor     eax, 97244642h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0C19CFDD2h
add     eax, 7FDF726Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4A1982DDh
sub     eax, 0F3E0E99Ah
xor     eax, 0BE85F6B2h
xor     eax, 87281E14h
sub     eax, 0E6CB6B01h
xor     eax, 0E25ABF41h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 3CF713F1h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4502CE06h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CCF5CC1Eh
add     eax, 0C40BFF70h
add     eax, 86C6C2C4h
sub     eax, 36108230h
sub     eax, 0E558640Bh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 653BBCDEh
xor     eax, 6BD0C550h
add     eax, 0FAAAB28Ch
xor     eax, 37849F2Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 286762EDh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0C49C186Fh
xor     eax, 4E042E7Ch
add     eax, 475E4347h
xor     eax, 0B06CC5A3h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 730DB79Dh
sub     eax, 0A9D75DD0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 1A6939D3h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 36D627ADh
sub     eax, 8C29ED7Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 57B43C3Ah
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 811BC99Ah
sub     eax, 22959DB4h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 3230BD16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E9EC22ECh
xor     eax, 0B21A20F1h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 97325651h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 802D9151h
xor     eax, 0EC9C48E1h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0DCEA8BCDh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0AD60E5A6h
xor     eax, 8A58C01Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 5EFAC775h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0D17FA81Eh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 4F34C79Eh
add     eax, 0A8A1F349h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 1994A736h
not     eax
add     eax, 5E839FA6h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0BC27DC9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 1ABD6EF8h
not     eax
add     eax, 6EAAC952h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BA14F35Bh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0C23C5B1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0D1A57AA7h
xor     eax, 0D960CE4Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 35D9C562h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 44F0B731h
add     eax, 0BDD5BBC0h
add     eax, 0E6ADD76Fh
add     eax, 8479C331h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 62CD7D71h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0E0BC266Eh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 94865FBEh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0F1BB05F8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C9853FFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0E2E13318h
xor     eax, 770F6E10h
not     eax
add     eax, 22B5765Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 2545C038h
xor     eax, 0A22B823Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A624D576h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0EE8738BBh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 13B6F8B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 906E74B4h
sub     eax, 0B85CC88Bh
add     eax, 69568861h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 154CA4D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A1D866E2h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D71CCDCDh
add     eax, 0BBABC38Fh
sub     eax, 0AA854AB2h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0AB0BA624h
xor     eax, 0B41EB1EFh
add     eax, 2D1DC61Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 5573B475h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BAE035D1h
sub     eax, 58C527B0h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 57A63416h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0BD484ACBh
xor     eax, 0F2D6675Fh
xor     eax, 0DE904B99h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0A9FCF66Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 453FD824h
add     eax, 0FCF2FE34h
add     eax, 0FFE490D0h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0F43D63B0h
add     eax, 0A996BAE6h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 474B46B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 30A6891Bh
xor     eax, 736A107Dh
xor     eax, 95293C28h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0D1B2521Ch
add     eax, 1E78533Ah
add     eax, 79C25CFCh
xor     eax, 0E12748A0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0F2438C38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4A0AF5E8h
sub     eax, 0B9E33003h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 9B63384Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 734422BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 84E6CF97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 21A09923h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2CAEBCBCh
sub     eax, 0C751C29Dh
add     eax, 0A965A8B8h
add     eax, 3455C05Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B7543CF3h
sub     eax, 2F655DC6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0B4DBEBC9h
sub     eax, 0A48D0E1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 881B3472h
sub     eax, 4FB2F6A6h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7C83461Eh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 1B44EEABh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5437775Eh
add     eax, 0F86B1FE3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ED7C8D13h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0E2574771h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0EFCF5414h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B4C1AE83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 2FE45D64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7A6E5FE4h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 813A127Eh
xor     eax, 0DF507480h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0A3EB08EAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7870CD99h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0A5B4F04Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8580B0D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 50454F0Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 832CF7CAh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AE264DA0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 734D0FD9h
xor     eax, 7F85D309h
sub     eax, 778A95E9h
add     eax, 914C4A7Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0C12514A3h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CC6547BAh
xor     eax, 2803D70Dh
sub     eax, 0C5CDDE2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 74C15855h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 423F73F3h
sub     eax, 3F04F5EAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 1172A193h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AB194175h
sub     eax, 0B3BECABFh
xor     eax, 1E308493h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 439EAC77h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 910BBC7Dh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 4CDC5AB0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 1D4CB702h
sub     eax, 8CDE567Dh
add     eax, 62CBF59Eh
sub     eax, 6B6141A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 178F5F2Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 8C223DE9h
sub     eax, 71F05675h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C75D9DB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4EF1CA33h
xor     eax, 0AC325776h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7CC3145Ch
xor     eax, 0DD8DDE34h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 72927B2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 635A9679h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 169D030Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 3590CC5Ch
add     eax, 0EEE4EAA1h
sub     eax, 0A883827Eh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 1D94B40Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0C06C21C6h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0F6EDAD4Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0C42C13A2h
sub     eax, 194C83E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 76B756E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 8A58BA5Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 23E0BB34h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 4D254458h
add     eax, 74A55429h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0DEF91561h
xor     eax, 0DB3309C3h
add     eax, 93ED246Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DBA91FB5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5A351957h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 3554353Fh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 82FFEDD0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8E9D4D1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2EA2EB3Ch
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0D13A077Dh
xor     eax, 20F2ADA0h
xor     eax, 343AD7C7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 7CB5218Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0D439962Fh
xor     eax, 56E6B5D5h
not     eax
add     eax, 4E8DB6D1h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 97F7866Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FD07F9ECh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 85E5B212h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0BA9C78C2h
add     eax, 9A0114B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A7ABED47h
xor     eax, 0A89524DAh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 2EB2B887h
sub     eax, 331712D9h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0EA5F7C67h
add     eax, 0E41A95BFh
sub     eax, 0E25D8CFDh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 9C9EC9CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 832F79AFh
sub     eax, 12D55895h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0E7E472D3h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 5F0264DFh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 76417FB3h
xor     eax, 40B542C6h
xor     eax, 971E0119h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 2DD150A4h
add     eax, 47A81DB1h
add     eax, 0E639AEE8h
xor     eax, 3F97CA66h
sub     eax, 59B276ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 15385347h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B6997EDCh
xor     eax, 0BAFCB0A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2CC624F2h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0C07B044Eh
add     eax, 0C1467994h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 63C332ABh
add     eax, 24BAD16Ch
add     eax, 0ED2FB871h
xor     eax, 0AC4B2105h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C7A5DAB7h
xor     eax, 0B22FE1A6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0E014B2EFh
xor     eax, 0CBD2FA5Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 7EB5B237h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 5CC1EEFFh
add     eax, 82A13E6Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 32063ED4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 8BE55230h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0F2A630D1h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 408A2BC5h
sub     eax, 4611942Fh
sub     eax, 0B6016B3Ch
add     eax, 0AE50008Dh
sub     eax, 2855C0DBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F39A918Dh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 44BCE9EFh
xor     eax, 0F85BC64Fh
sub     eax, 41FBA5DFh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0D445C3CBh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0AACB49EDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 8EDF9502h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 89D1FEEBh
sub     eax, 61E1B9D2h
sub     eax, 4029FBFBh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DFEF0823h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 13FD432Ah
add     eax, 63801BD2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C72C24C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EEAE0166h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 312CC655h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 32812570h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0CBDAC330h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0C3E2C7B4h
sub     eax, 261F3C1Ah
add     eax, 0FB11A272h
add     eax, 0D5B1C4A4h
xor     eax, 103AFB4Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 61A8C0E8h
add     eax, 7C03C2E0h
add     eax, 0D9A3578Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 21A3507Dh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0B345CCBBh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0EFEB048Ah
xor     eax, 509A89E1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0BB30EC40h
xor     eax, 0CAFF9426h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 5E798785h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0A6641B8Ch
xor     eax, 9C87002Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 89B53472h
sub     eax, 9C318AE9h
add     eax, 223ED457h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 2C224894h
add     eax, 0FBA9A47Ch
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0D734E7E7h
sub     eax, 542170E1h
sub     eax, 0A1BA227Dh
add     eax, 6B409613h
sub     eax, 0F080B29Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 512B65F9h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FD07E30Dh
sub     eax, 284579BDh
xor     eax, 65BF55B1h
xor     eax, 0B7E58D34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9D3F6791h
add     eax, 236F6B00h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 47F4CED9h
add     eax, 77C7C2EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4DCDA03Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0DD59C9D8h
xor     eax, 0F31AD03Dh
sub     eax, 16ACC186h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0F61F7D5Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 71382A43h
add     eax, 834EA5BDh
add     eax, 1E39F476h
sub     eax, 659A1938h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 152143DCh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FB18FBF1h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A6243B32h
xor     eax, 0D97183A4h
xor     eax, 9111C074h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 18EBEA5Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 4C9DC47Ah
sub     eax, 941DCD70h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 206B39B0h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ECAC4AE5h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 95D19E67h
add     eax, 13554ED2h
add     eax, 0D326B4C1h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 2A42FF3Ah
sub     eax, 0BB89D97Bh
xor     eax, 3479FDB8h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 228F0763h
add     eax, 0C957480Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0B821E481h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 3F8F36DEh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 751DFE5Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6FDFE604h
xor     eax, 15FEB3BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 45E059E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0A991E37Ch
add     eax, 0CEE2F0B4h
add     eax, 0A57A89D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F94719C3h
not     eax
add     eax, 8B7927D4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0F4EED7E8h
sub     eax, 46D39BBAh
add     eax, 3DFDCFCAh
sub     eax, 0C0D32717h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A3276CEBh
xor     eax, 280BD452h
xor     eax, 78048906h
xor     eax, 7C639E91h
sub     eax, 91684026h
xor     eax, 0CFA84F06h
xor     eax, 0E62D958Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0EC20997Ch
sub     eax, 8045E238h
xor     eax, 0DFDF2F7Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 1986C2C9h
sub     eax, 715BABE0h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0E90397BAh
sub     eax, 22F50DE8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0C3AE3D3Fh
sub     eax, 0F8E905F8h
add     eax, 524E2035h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0EF91CF55h
not     eax
sub     eax, 46B39CBCh
add     eax, 3CE63E70h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 9912121Bh
xor     eax, 0BC4A5904h
xor     eax, 268CCF51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 62741D66h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0CF832D6Eh
xor     eax, 0D72597CFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 9DCC9C29h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3DF69BBCh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 27DBCF28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C7404472h
add     eax, 0D8BED034h
not     eax
add     eax, 858D11E0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 76646614h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0FA09EBE6h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 8A921267h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0FE27A655h
sub     eax, 57EA09F2h
add     eax, 37E6DA6Ch
sub     eax, 66AA3CA2h
add     eax, 1B3A5C14h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 25182C58h
add     eax, 7E626775h
xor     eax, 0B079D519h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 10313FC3h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 2D9E470Bh
add     eax, 3C558D52h
not     eax
xor     eax, 396D7CDFh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 670A3CB4h
sub     eax, 714950F5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 38D4F46Bh
xor     eax, 7AFA53B9h
add     eax, 236800D3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F8DBE5B7h
sub     eax, 9EEB36A5h
add     eax, 4DEDF48Bh
add     eax, 683F6D3Ch
add     eax, 0F86AC3E1h
xor     eax, 537B281Ah
xor     eax, 0F7F415F0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CA72703Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 2202C798h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 296512D3h
sub     eax, 0D9B9CFACh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0D4201C02h
add     eax, 313FEB50h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B19C1357h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 865824CDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E0F46094h
sub     eax, 845D40D5h
xor     eax, 0D4308877h
xor     eax, 91E42A1Dh
add     eax, 0C8847E4Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 62989EE2h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EFE3E0D8h
xor     eax, 0AB5AB9CEh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0EA274CC9h
add     eax, 0A07727E5h
add     eax, 44FBD1BFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0C26A3D8Fh
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 96A5DE30h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0C3166B5Bh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0B21E3127h
sub     eax, 8A386962h
xor     eax, 0D5C7ADC9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 136280E2h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 6AB15C25h
add     eax, 1D4FC261h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 39DC832Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D4E9F7B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6DCC95E5h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 2FFA2CEEh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0B10A34BBh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 134D5110h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0FD36D9D5h
add     eax, 0B797B924h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A33E6516h
sub     eax, 2C1F5043h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0E62CC24Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 78638A61h
xor     eax, 8742D5DCh
xor     eax, 6666E172h
sub     eax, 5768E9F4h
xor     eax, 0A36DCF3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0D68156A9h
xor     eax, 8A40C4A7h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 3EF61981h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 6628801Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 6BD16459h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0F9F1248Ah
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 872A4F42h
add     eax, 0F1F705FDh
xor     eax, 51D918B7h
xor     eax, 0C411484Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 104EA4B4h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0A92D7650h
not     eax
sub     eax, 50A0949Ch
sub     eax, 332A85CBh
sub     eax, 29D2FE4Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0F6CA7860h
add     eax, 3508051Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8A10B26Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 59638476h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 1DA6A923h
sub     eax, 0A256FAB6h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 771AB876h
add     eax, 0B19DA533h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0E33584B7h
sub     eax, 8BBB30E4h
add     eax, 0C0BBFD46h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0B7CCA227h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 675CAA66h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 34CB477Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 5F9EC846h
sub     eax, 0DF62F4EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 334417B3h
sub     eax, 73576A02h
sub     eax, 0E7E7B86Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0D2C028D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C7B78F3Ch
xor     eax, 3F947F67h
add     eax, 527ED741h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 7260622Eh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 24E51FEEh
sub     eax, 3585045Ch
sub     eax, 0E9090A7Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6C0469DFh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 57CFBDAEh
xor     eax, 16A901CFh
sub     eax, 3E6757D3h
add     eax, 232CAAF5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 49963703h
add     eax, 36816E40h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 5EC70938h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 811D41D9h
add     eax, 0B1F3E93Eh
sub     eax, 2DFDF556h
xor     eax, 0CF1B042Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E0391F42h
add     eax, 74370020h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D56F14D8h
sub     eax, 465DA18Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C1AF0CAEh
add     eax, 5DA1322Ch
xor     eax, 4B4F088Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 31431204h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 2802E80Eh
add     eax, 59FC9314h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 8B376C29h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 39B2C94Bh
xor     eax, 3D96CB47h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0C44B871Bh
xor     eax, 1AAE41F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 29375D1Fh
add     eax, 0BC20B48Ch
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 42B2E24Ch
add     eax, 0FB38EA08h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A6640BECh
xor     eax, 4730951Ah
sub     eax, 0B2202209h
add     eax, 8CB0B415h
add     eax, 0DFB0AAD1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6C7795DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BBF8076Bh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 2CF0027Eh
xor     eax, 692F7359h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 30C83CD3h
add     eax, 2E269E7Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3D551E1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3B2700EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 41875748h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 94101A4Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 4CFFFE19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0E727FFB4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 38A49BB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8D358AA6h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0F9EBF79Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 7128646Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FF0A36B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 22A56BE6h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0ED2B6966h
not     eax
add     eax, 6E213371h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 476E851Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 64254FE6h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 1B546A68h
add     eax, 32C93CFBh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 4D09B31Dh
sub     eax, 99C9510Ah
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 59CE44C5h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 49D80A56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0A84FA710h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A4E74EAAh
xor     eax, 22ED1EA3h
add     eax, 3E52F42Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DE1C8C98h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AF2E5182h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DC9F01A9h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 38A0363Fh
xor     eax, 6C554FA7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 349D3961h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 7CE018F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2A2950E5h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 4BBA3918h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0AE1B7AF6h
add     eax, 271FFF1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1EB3A1E4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 5E5EE379h
sub     eax, 0F315AD2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8345528Eh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0C6F49BA2h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 16E87E09h
add     eax, 6FECAB76h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0FBE25647h
sub     eax, 60D84F34h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 61149620h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0BA8AD9C0h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0C0DFD338h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C24D2339h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 68883697h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D73F6290h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 592152B3h
xor     eax, 8521E200h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CCF56029h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0BDC0F955h
xor     eax, 68E1812Eh
add     eax, 635D710Fh
xor     eax, 27E6C34Dh
xor     eax, 3D7F3F99h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 21521932h
add     eax, 0E3893D9Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 6ABA5854h
sub     eax, 78D46E32h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C90F0DBEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E50329F5h
xor     eax, 0A4AE6406h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 2C583BE9h
xor     eax, 84D6A7DAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 83D1BC6Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 10A4E85Fh
xor     eax, 0D8B73708h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 99D82CC3h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 89AAE17Bh
add     eax, 0F6588F3Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 6E7E47B0h
xor     eax, 59371CACh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E1025637h
sub     eax, 4A585A0Fh
add     eax, 0E900D7DAh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 539A756Eh
add     eax, 88EF524Ch
sub     eax, 0DC443717h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 6710CC4Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 374B3DFAh
add     eax, 770A1DE8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EDCD4ACEh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7E17EFE2h
add     eax, 2E43A007h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 31DE334Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FF3D45AAh
sub     eax, 7CA3CCC6h
add     eax, 6C7F418Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 8BBBC6A2h
xor     eax, 5F2464EBh
xor     eax, 64F03307h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 9C06B9E4h
sub     eax, 9ED7E7DDh
xor     eax, 254B96DDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9124A495h
sub     eax, 204EAF53h
add     eax, 67DDE473h
add     eax, 43DC1228h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 57DC5849h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 58D4FF8Eh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0F12187F3h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9FC12889h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0E478AF66h
xor     eax, 61FD25BDh
sub     eax, 644A0C60h
xor     eax, 5F44B4E8h
add     eax, 1B13B3F5h
sub     eax, 0DD51C6EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C17259BAh
sub     eax, 0D43EE6AFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0FAA59E6Ah
xor     eax, 0AFCAA601h
add     eax, 4BA4E051h
add     eax, 8C5A1432h
xor     eax, 802757C8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B9642192h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0EC0E4CF6h
sub     eax, 7E533550h
sub     eax, 1B91849Ah
add     eax, 0DAA430FCh
xor     eax, 7B3C232Bh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0A8691F36h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 54141A79h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F908AAD2h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 5EF0613Dh
xor     eax, 82E59365h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 2F18909Eh
sub     eax, 3A3CE189h
sub     eax, 4EA5B2EEh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 38E47A0Eh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 863790C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D971E7C1h
sub     eax, 3511DD15h
add     eax, 5AD9956Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0F0D2C435h
sub     eax, 0CB2B4F28h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 458969ECh
sub     eax, 1FC172DFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B94BFA51h
add     eax, 0AE5E1743h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D2946EF1h
sub     eax, 10B03128h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 65E12269h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D84C1F30h
sub     eax, 0B4CFD502h
sub     eax, 7936D68Dh
xor     eax, 99CD3A77h
xor     eax, 0D0225047h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 75182427h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 892CEFDCh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0E182D7DAh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5B26C92Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E5C6A53Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 13C6B1E8h
sub     eax, 4483D0BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B474443Dh
sub     eax, 0E85E5044h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9E710467h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F01ED23Fh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0CF3055D0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0C4AE63DDh
xor     eax, 0E86471FAh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 9EBBA94Ah
add     eax, 38635106h
add     eax, 285A1FB9h
xor     eax, 973685A9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 5B8A3C02h
add     eax, 4CF96735h
sub     eax, 0B6B20DE0h
add     eax, 8129F7FCh
xor     eax, 66079C3Eh
add     eax, 37D10BAEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BCD1A73Eh
xor     eax, 38E0BD6Bh
add     eax, 88069FC7h
sub     eax, 8845A9B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 60586328h
sub     eax, 0DBF53969h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C8053E04h
sub     eax, 0A15B3777h
sub     eax, 96D620E0h
sub     eax, 56926791h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ADB30221h
sub     eax, 5B02E12Dh
add     eax, 47DBC8F5h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 42CBE798h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4F5EF740h
add     eax, 0B2F6F539h
xor     eax, 8D6823F7h
sub     eax, 0F1B196F9h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2D704380h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3714DFFEh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0E8F7F7E6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 36A6AF10h
xor     eax, 0F6274FF9h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C1AEA0EAh
add     eax, 8BB73CB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C8B8825Ch
sub     eax, 0A4254F74h
add     eax, 0B1FFAEBBh
sub     eax, 5ECD1108h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 335748CBh
sub     eax, 0AEC793E2h
xor     eax, 1F1E0715h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0C879060Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 466E3322h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C6C60E44h
add     eax, 0F357219Ch
sub     eax, 504E8462h
not     eax
sub     eax, 46A76294h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DF565011h
sub     eax, 47D6AB8Eh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C3787A60h
sub     eax, 0D8619CDCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 4B47CC7Ah
sub     eax, 4F6EDE25h
sub     eax, 93449AFFh
xor     eax, 3B6DEF4Dh
add     eax, 0DFC35A45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 17668A64h
sub     eax, 0E0EAD15Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CB66F6FAh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0F1E8C0EFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BA1A28C1h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0E00C17F8h
add     eax, 0E5CFE90Ch
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0DD13F476h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0B6F5A598h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0F61B9F47h
sub     eax, 0C711A0A5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD5D6404h
not     eax
add     eax, 15398CC2h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 90E4511Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1BECEC3Eh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0BF358672h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FD3B03A3h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 8AE5839Fh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6D2FB7A2h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 8B41167Fh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 618BB91Fh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 906271E3h
add     eax, 0C8A80C08h
add     eax, 51E7787Eh
add     eax, 79A0CE08h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4FF660FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CBDE9142h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0B8D43EF9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 8026F7DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 55F93C33h
add     eax, 1FA94840h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0CC19B649h
add     eax, 344985A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 26D34065h
sub     eax, 78227645h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 4B56CD73h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 664DE52Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 8135C9AEh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 75F115CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 694A27BCh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4E2A4AB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7708CF4Fh
sub     eax, 2B24F090h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 414EBD7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 569BDB18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 289B55ACh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 9378EDC8h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0C5D78E57h
not     eax
add     eax, 7BC0B352h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 36E49B0Fh
add     eax, 11CB3D2Fh
add     eax, 271A05D9h
xor     eax, 194D11CDh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 641A3542h
sub     eax, 0CE909B8Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 1218499Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 17712576h
xor     eax, 0FAAB4117h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B2AC6543h
add     eax, 2E62323Ah
xor     eax, 591B1D3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0C624CA45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C17BB5AAh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0E53D6A32h
add     eax, 30AD4DA7h
add     eax, 0A5E79084h
add     eax, 27FCD5BCh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 211531E5h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 352BA252h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 775311D6h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 63BA9880h
xor     eax, 7B9CA8CEh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 47FFE2ECh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0F69ED80Dh
sub     eax, 64E9B5C9h
xor     eax, 4EEA1F2Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 120A2ABDh
sub     eax, 0D8B48D18h
add     eax, 1B9B027Eh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 83517D4Fh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 651F7EFDh
sub     eax, 540357F7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C863DBBCh
sub     eax, 0B46D2D78h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0EEDDD5EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 1B435A88h
sub     eax, 64D62D60h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 76320933h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0CE9BA8AEh
sub     eax, 0B012F47Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EC7F0255h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 5C954254h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1574E60Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0EB873D42h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 41CD4F9Bh
add     eax, 0E8CF83F6h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0BFB05FB4h
add     eax, 6945EEBFh
sub     eax, 312A3194h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 8F01E8D6h
sub     eax, 158F3649h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0DBC2B837h
not     eax
sub     eax, 82A7FD09h
add     eax, 4057F264h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0B7157EFEh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0A9E8A40Fh
xor     eax, 76ABF0A1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B7E0A80Dh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 50ED307Bh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 20233A37h
sub     eax, 12B90588h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0E1E84B0Fh
add     eax, 614CB800h
xor     eax, 0EE6634F3h
add     eax, 0F9629C1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 92684597h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 7F0FA235h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 52553544h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 99349AABh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 7691FC01h
sub     eax, 8005AC03h
not     eax
xor     eax, 393101D0h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 26E24317h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 1A3BA938h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ACBC5734h
not     eax
sub     eax, 84599DD1h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2FA563D5h
sub     eax, 0BDFA3823h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8421E45Bh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0C4712CCAh
sub     eax, 8B65F56Fh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 16393E0Dh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 39DA4791h
add     eax, 0DCA2D361h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 11C6C0CCh
sub     eax, 6F618FE1h
xor     eax, 6ECBC757h
sub     eax, 0E38F5C15h
sub     eax, 0C514D9C5h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0EED3584Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 1A075155h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DA6920CEh
xor     eax, 7F2EB8F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E112B678h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 7327D42Fh
sub     eax, 75151D61h
xor     eax, 0ED527B3Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0D4BA0BDCh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 36EBD19Bh
add     eax, 7FB16941h
add     eax, 84C5E0F4h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0ACB2042Dh
add     eax, 42BFFC35h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 23D4AA94h
sub     eax, 0F1A33AA3h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0CD3CCA00h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 7B7ED96Ah
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 94A2017Eh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0C008E8A2h
sub     eax, 0EB86219Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AC8B5CE7h
xor     eax, 7E30A1C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 2A139B01h
xor     eax, 2C6D613Bh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0A4D7ADBEh
sub     eax, 0AD1979B1h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1CD74084h
sub     eax, 537329A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EAC8FD3Ah
xor     eax, 0A9940E8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E8B8E3E3h
sub     eax, 3110010Ah
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0B6F2AECAh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 5970495Eh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 48F85B33h
add     eax, 0B50E4E89h
sub     eax, 0D1167078h
add     eax, 7D6EEFB5h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 43515143h
sub     eax, 0E4AC551Fh
add     eax, 8D91DE0Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DCCC8789h
xor     eax, 7804BA5Bh
xor     eax, 9781A7EFh
sub     eax, 0C940E04Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EEB14E68h
sub     eax, 0D9AF61C1h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C35B3749h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7F76FA86h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 38443965h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 29AA06AEh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0A1F46BA1h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 15AD0909h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 30D1CDF0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 61B24E8Dh
sub     eax, 1956BC9Dh
xor     eax, 0A750FE4Bh
sub     eax, 0BE1ECC4Ah
xor     eax, 0FCCE9178h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C7CBE26Ah
sub     eax, 0FF87115Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F4CFF153h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 9221E5EDh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 838316D2h
not     eax
add     eax, 4EFCB008h
xor     eax, 66F1694Eh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 9A6E2C32h
not     eax
xor     eax, 30144821h
xor     eax, 70F3FDDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EA72FAB3h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5F46D77Ah
sub     eax, 5D1B3027h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 752289CEh
xor     eax, 4EA26D48h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 386B48D1h
sub     eax, 3D577065h
add     eax, 3543F4CAh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F81E190Fh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0B9E4B8A3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 39918964h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 6C95A753h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0AE6D73DAh
sub     eax, 7B6F6177h
sub     eax, 0B9632E7Dh
xor     eax, 52FF1D3Bh
add     eax, 0B27EFE0Bh
xor     eax, 0F3E993C1h
add     eax, 1F59214Ch
add     eax, 1AD05BD7h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 50C9B380h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0AB33AA01h
sub     eax, 960FE100h
xor     eax, 1AB834AEh
xor     eax, 0A70729C2h
xor     eax, 27CC9F3Ch
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 89150A53h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E1FA50B6h
xor     eax, 38CCF850h
add     eax, 0F32436DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1D8CF1A9h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 364F4CE6h
xor     eax, 34DC775Ah
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 66C9E5C3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EB55309Dh
add     eax, 0DC1868CDh
add     eax, 0CD27708Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 5E4028ABh
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 9259FD53h
not     eax
xor     eax, 20C6FCB2h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 38B87B8Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0EF2FE35Bh
add     eax, 0D5D8F714h
add     eax, 0A63AC681h
add     eax, 0F165C024h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B8211DB3h
sub     eax, 47453223h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 965215A6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 7DAD4D7Dh
sub     eax, 0B241C55Bh
xor     eax, 64640104h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0DB2BA9F9h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0E4604692h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 8E02FAF0h
add     eax, 98780192h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 93594163h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0F965E7A7h
xor     eax, 8D76717Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E635067Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FD9055A6h
sub     eax, 0B7389B31h
add     eax, 21BAB99Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0F8B95740h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 3364430Ch
add     eax, 0CDC27B06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 224B71DBh
add     eax, 0D4BE1643h
add     eax, 49C84F04h
add     eax, 4B02F25Dh
sub     eax, 9AC92600h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B99C3A52h
add     eax, 0D1EA3970h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 50CDE26Ah
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 96F7A289h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C1ECDF44h
sub     eax, 0E34E19FCh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 159C3A13h
xor     eax, 0A0B01169h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B864B979h
sub     eax, 0E7DACB59h
not     eax
xor     eax, 61823F5Ah
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 343A31D9h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 61D24237h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0C2358E21h
xor     eax, 6B29C93Fh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0F92E9EB1h
sub     eax, 48C2BC37h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 6E5B0A14h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0CE59830Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 12B463FCh
add     eax, 30DD6BC2h
add     eax, 0A25DCAA3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 541C73A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 9A6E820Eh
xor     eax, 110147CEh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 684C1155h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 2993F388h
sub     eax, 284A8708h
sub     eax, 316DCC7Bh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 75161631h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 379A1641h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D9D5B384h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 100BF5BCh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 5A311F59h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0E1565726h
add     eax, 3724D9AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6FBA118Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0D32902BDh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0B154D420h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0CE431DECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D7B5FB62h
sub     eax, 0ACA63B37h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0DA0BF9ADh
add     eax, 98E9FCFDh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 537358F5h
xor     eax, 1F476910h
sub     eax, 8339DA90h
sub     eax, 5A343E39h
xor     eax, 4FAAA78Bh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 38E5AE3Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B85E49B3h
sub     eax, 0B09D142Eh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2B7FA9F0h
add     eax, 36A25D35h
sub     eax, 3CB4A3D3h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0ECD8198Bh
xor     eax, 1780B9E7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A48B68F8h
sub     eax, 0DF2D4334h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8541ADA2h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9D3BE415h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 7989D6E3h
xor     eax, 2316336Fh
xor     eax, 5C1D038Fh
sub     eax, 0A601A304h
add     eax, 786A9118h
sub     eax, 0ADDA5044h
xor     eax, 0A68E78E3h
add     eax, 2C8360B2h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 693E7605h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0D04111DBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 3364ED8Ah
sub     eax, 696EB699h
add     eax, 812782D6h
add     eax, 0E1B5E67Ch
xor     eax, 0CFE53E3Ah
add     eax, 3E85328Ch
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0BED5BFC7h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 52198B62h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D27F9D3Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 92582D09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FF3DD758h
sub     eax, 0C6C83952h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 33F1BA51h
add     eax, 6E74D396h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E61D930Dh
sub     eax, 5A7D0FC4h
sub     eax, 76569286h
sub     eax, 2C8D7690h
sub     eax, 7B473BD7h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 279B5F95h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B674B993h
xor     eax, 6AAC9AECh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CD2C1865h
xor     eax, 1B51B25Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 12E4B670h
xor     eax, 53D1052Bh
xor     eax, 6EC1181Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CE0CD7DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E4AE6A66h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 47C69E17h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 2DE0C0DDh
sub     eax, 4E995635h
xor     eax, 859960E6h
not     eax
add     eax, 9FA861CBh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0D80D4935h
sub     eax, 72523F54h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B5BC4FA2h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F531D764h
sub     eax, 7E8001D8h
sub     eax, 0B7497963h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 9CD5517Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0D030A2F3h
xor     eax, 596CC456h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 3EBED14Ch
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 3A6BEB3Eh
sub     eax, 0F0DD87A4h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 99B043CFh
sub     eax, 51D6DF5Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 26EB7815h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8E134CF5h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D05A1275h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 70C40858h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 56977AD8h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 288B906Ah
sub     eax, 0B9C4A392h
add     eax, 0CCC09E2Ah
sub     eax, 422A5C5Bh
xor     eax, 0F718E35Ch
add     eax, 6AAE17F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0E6D4FAEBh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0C09222FEh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5826A99Ah
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 14A4CD13h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BEFB2BBBh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0EF9FB5B6h
add     eax, 7DBDDF55h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 6C22CA80h
add     eax, 573BAD1Ch
sub     eax, 60CB5ABDh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F185D2FDh
add     eax, 33F4C61Bh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 5467B6E8h
add     eax, 0AD7F65ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 77146523h
add     eax, 79B0C20Ch
add     eax, 0DEA73C5Dh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 886A8C31h
sub     eax, 0DDD4C073h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F6856752h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7B0914C7h
sub     eax, 112FA649h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 512CFEC8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AC550B5Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 57F87D4Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 135EF7A2h
add     eax, 3A8D9B7Ch
xor     eax, 1F1C82EBh
xor     eax, 0C0FEBC01h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 9CEC2C12h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3954DBD9h
add     eax, 0BFE5BFAEh
add     eax, 759C2E24h
xor     eax, 6560FF4Ch
add     eax, 0EE724A4Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3F57A9F0h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 8E163722h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 56EF38E4h
sub     eax, 0C355C246h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 915103C7h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 824B67DEh
sub     eax, 0D4AD9981h
sub     eax, 0ED734201h
xor     eax, 0B7A7F1D5h
sub     eax, 0F14F13F7h
sub     eax, 74A6D88Ah
sub     eax, 6989DB3Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0A1B1622Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 26734225h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F801CF50h
add     eax, 46316A73h
sub     eax, 86729CCEh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 53B89008h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F427D3FBh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F7D7286Dh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0ED08A265h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 202A1C6Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 23C1A836h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0BDCC7116h
sub     eax, 0A27A19ACh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B7639AA6h
sub     eax, 0EC4317EAh
sub     eax, 0E2A4BA2Bh
sub     eax, 4DAD21E4h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 4D4F309Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 209DDFCFh
xor     eax, 2CDFC799h
xor     eax, 7DE4A313h
xor     eax, 9C22D7C9h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 64AC6295h
xor     eax, 0DB76D15Ah
sub     eax, 39A7C150h
not     eax
xor     eax, 33E069F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 281F2E92h
add     eax, 0B62CC559h
sub     eax, 7E92AD83h
sub     eax, 294FC186h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D771590Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ED5BA88Ah
sub     eax, 0D177DF8Ah
xor     eax, 3D3D6E96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 91850458h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 64525750h
add     eax, 0CCEDDABAh
xor     eax, 74AF9E2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 46CA2A8Eh
sub     eax, 0CCC64261h
xor     eax, 518F6CFCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5018DBD7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 435E8892h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0F8F38E0Ah
xor     eax, 6EE9EA2Ah
xor     eax, 95BEAAFFh
sub     eax, 4640B6F9h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0F97B62DEh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 171AAC86h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 504B7B4Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AA186671h
add     eax, 2F7A68D7h
xor     eax, 0CA7DB7E8h
xor     eax, 0F00A91B3h
add     eax, 1400F5A4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 13927A68h
xor     eax, 775EECCBh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DECCCB80h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0D649A376h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 8534D604h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 900245B9h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5C50B2CDh
add     eax, 13FED8C5h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C0229334h
sub     eax, 7F53E2B3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 748D80ABh
add     eax, 1EA9B132h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AD1BF164h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 39E74A47h
add     eax, 9498ED3Bh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0C4063583h
add     eax, 0B6246A18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B49554FAh
add     eax, 0EC5BC493h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7D959485h
xor     eax, 2DBD8075h
add     eax, 0BFE4C89Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7AF392A2h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 498D6081h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6D370964h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3A900729h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 59AB04A5h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 80F839F3h
sub     eax, 0A475611Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 3A5EF66Eh
add     eax, 594DDFDEh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 3C9FA5A2h
add     eax, 56EF5966h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B4EE566Fh
add     eax, 45A7AFD6h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 1F8DAC58h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D9033F76h
sub     eax, 91D3D236h
sub     eax, 0ED44C346h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 130796F7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 52E7881Dh
add     eax, 0FE2BD893h
sub     eax, 0E3AC4DCDh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0AA80AD9Dh
xor     eax, 0FB31BF2Ch
sub     eax, 0FF8A2467h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 111806D3h
sub     eax, 2ADE7DC7h
sub     eax, 0E351977Eh
sub     eax, 25A2C0A5h
not     eax
add     eax, 295CFBC1h
sub     eax, 87A350D1h
add     eax, 0DC80E1F3h
sub     eax, 513B6076h
sub     eax, 0A3144999h
sub     eax, 0C55DC686h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 756C03DFh
sub     eax, 0C875529Ah
xor     eax, 0E43023F6h
sub     eax, 0D425365Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 10998843h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 13FF820Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D68EBB8Fh
sub     eax, 8CBC8D28h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FB60115Dh
sub     eax, 36B3D75Bh
xor     eax, 6B4C5426h
not     eax
sub     eax, 81603EE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9DD38E6Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 55BA9822h
add     eax, 63CD321Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 88136E89h
sub     eax, 279BF061h
sub     eax, 9BA71A7Ch
xor     eax, 170DFFA2h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 9745CD28h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 5FE1548Ch
add     eax, 8D6D3240h
xor     eax, 21011489h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 1BF7B35Ch
xor     eax, 1F98CA97h
xor     eax, 0CB0A09EFh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0C85B6E18h
xor     eax, 57C3C038h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 5F4BBF79h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 9C19D8ADh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 7B993F26h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 3CF3FC5Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0B7E5857Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CC2571E7h
add     eax, 0A84E2ED6h
sub     eax, 0A454A670h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3E48EE64h
add     eax, 0A5715F9Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 3668D509h
xor     eax, 759293BCh
add     eax, 0BB4115C4h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E9B803CDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 669AF508h
add     eax, 2D0F2520h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0E8C76F90h
not     eax
add     eax, 7999840Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 150595A2h
sub     eax, 386EA359h
add     eax, 0D8FDA23Ch
xor     eax, 720416E7h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 536540C4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C47441FBh
xor     eax, 33CE001Eh
xor     eax, 0AFA4E831h
add     eax, 3E0C5BD4h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 36325D68h
xor     eax, 39897BFDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DEE09F2Fh
sub     eax, 0D0187EE4h
xor     eax, 2AAD7417h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 79854228h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 42D5773Ah
sub     eax, 0C38FF6CAh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 892F957Dh
add     eax, 0E9ED0F4Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DEE42996h
sub     eax, 0A2CE4F95h
not     eax
add     eax, 107298C4h
xor     eax, 0B9B02C91h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0B9856378h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 94420093h
xor     eax, 0A4616509h
sub     eax, 45A8EF5Bh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 6A4E3F21h
add     eax, 6E5B9DD5h
add     eax, 15F13309h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4E53666Ch
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0FFDA7530h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 167272F1h
sub     eax, 0CB4D9CD2h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 8B46F376h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0ABA110B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E048C043h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 8534F45Bh
xor     eax, 307CF1DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0E205D668h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3A43FC0Ah
add     eax, 0AA02BC18h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0BA1D1913h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C173D4EBh
not     eax
add     eax, 0EE99173Dh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 57AB29D4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 58451C39h
xor     eax, 0AD1F2888h
add     eax, 8FDED0E4h
xor     eax, 3D32020Eh
sub     eax, 0D072E792h
sub     eax, 0AF725A15h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0E66A0B53h
add     eax, 0D882B407h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 89D64CF5h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 107CF957h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0CB7BEE5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 3F3739C8h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 6B3BF5B6h
add     eax, 0DA2C47DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C2F0857Ah
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0D9477BCFh
sub     eax, 1540078Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 9DF487F5h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A26F055Ah
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 6D9663C5h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A57D6273h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0E58CAE9Dh
sub     eax, 0BECAAE52h
add     eax, 0C188D1D1h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CF00581Ch
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 6C3A0949h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 4E7F6D6Bh
xor     eax, 0D5DBA341h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0AA40D06Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 7569F3DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2A236488h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 7F29E6B6h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 419214E1h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0AF316EB5h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0CB4FD187h
add     eax, 0D5B99E78h
add     eax, 4C870C8Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 24096959h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FAA8753Bh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 928768ACh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 1F434680h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 8F53635Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0FF50CA2Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7A55610Bh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B6D11DC0h
add     eax, 0D5328CE2h
sub     eax, 0C489B8EDh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0F9BC9092h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8CBA9650h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0F4A6F68Eh
xor     eax, 154182BFh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3DA442C8h
xor     eax, 94AEE0F7h
xor     eax, 95AA05F7h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 90B389B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B6E8B2D6h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 90DC96DBh
xor     eax, 5F89F312h
add     eax, 0C87E3EC4h
xor     eax, 47C3E199h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 66342CC0h
add     eax, 6EA9B047h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6D0EBA19h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0AB3AF47Ah
add     eax, 0CFFDD275h
add     eax, 0A6A44955h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3EA7BF9Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0F4D5AC41h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 16F2367Bh
xor     eax, 0AE776171h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0ED135CE0h
sub     eax, 0D2BBA298h
sub     eax, 5A5F2AA5h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0D8485B99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 86C6F2D7h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 93817CAFh
xor     eax, 0A8C1DE1Bh
add     eax, 832B7055h
add     eax, 0CE385786h
not     eax
xor     eax, 47037B17h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 85F47D17h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 23B8FDEDh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 7E359DA7h
sub     eax, 777B213Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 9C3DDCC8h
sub     eax, 45B7511Ch
add     eax, 5E770F4Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB6F0866h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4175433Dh
sub     eax, 26F94D07h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0D87A23EEh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 68C64DFFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7B13A6F0h
xor     eax, 13AF48F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 76F590C2h
xor     eax, 9225D2BDh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0B28DAD17h
add     eax, 0BE3CD3F9h
add     eax, 0AC425D42h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8907628Eh
xor     eax, 9448545Eh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1A488BF7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 25C6E19Ch
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0BF167785h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0C348CA50h
xor     eax, 0FF510C97h
sub     eax, 7FAB1383h
sub     eax, 0F5381B9Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2F33BC20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 4CFA9702h
xor     eax, 1C38FCB1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 31502552h
xor     eax, 5961D596h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 982FC07Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8B805A3Bh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9AD17E9Bh
sub     eax, 5ADB33EAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EC470E39h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9769D51Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FD48067Dh
xor     eax, 0A356D508h
xor     eax, 516ACA9Ah
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0EE4444D1h
xor     eax, 83B9A402h
xor     eax, 5746767Eh
sub     eax, 0E960E69Eh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 6FAF13E3h
sub     eax, 57967D37h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 23504240h
sub     eax, 0B29B4E0Dh
add     eax, 3C164C16h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0F738D1C7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0C0167562h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 330E1D83h
xor     eax, 6BCDC51Ch
xor     eax, 4B33C508h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2158CBA0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0A7089B2Dh
xor     eax, 0DED607B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 21773A51h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 267FC582h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 93CD4459h
xor     eax, 0FF5248E8h
sub     eax, 1A7CDE05h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 46D0FAA6h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0C5A75A23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 48C7FB5Dh
sub     eax, 58438E7Dh
sub     eax, 3FCD526Eh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E495544Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2397A0D8h
add     eax, 0C8194758h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 55409C04h
sub     eax, 0D66B8251h
sub     eax, 0BB2A69E7h
sub     eax, 0FFD3F421h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2CDC2F21h
sub     eax, 0D46600A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F06ADAF3h
xor     eax, 55C4EE3Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0F14E8A03h
add     eax, 0E97B46D3h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0E90C4AEBh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 6AECB0BCh
sub     eax, 341C5816h
sub     eax, 17D56ED1h
xor     eax, 9FF9E11Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 487D87B3h
add     eax, 0EA22F31Ch
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0BC2B1741h
add     eax, 9541F369h
sub     eax, 0A767CAB7h
sub     eax, 1547AE52h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 98003A57h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 65F59732h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 82156976h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 497392C8h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 11978A57h
xor     eax, 8EBA5CBAh
xor     eax, 91DF367Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F5E97227h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0BD33438Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A08F8339h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 2400A76Bh
xor     eax, 0EB49D156h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 673577F4h
add     eax, 6EE48D62h
sub     eax, 0AADC3DFEh
xor     eax, 638CD6C5h
xor     eax, 0DF97153Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0E9750590h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A38159D1h
xor     eax, 0C4DAEB31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 32A0C145h
add     eax, 2A3AA64Ch
add     eax, 214B935Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A0A04A3Fh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AB094D8Dh
sub     eax, 0C4CFE7C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 559AD54Eh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0C62B9808h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7E1B6123h
xor     eax, 22ACD667h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9A007F33h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 66007F17h
add     eax, 6CF0E071h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ACDFFAE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3F2FCA7Fh
add     eax, 0EB54B017h
xor     eax, 0DB30E71Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 2659F807h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EB4B9999h
sub     eax, 47438F25h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4412946Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 831AACB4h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 2391EEF3h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 361B45E6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0F62A1B22h
sub     eax, 229F3384h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0F67A1E7Ah
add     eax, 7B3E5B9Fh
xor     eax, 0F0EC4796h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6E890CADh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0ACCBA942h
add     eax, 95862050h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AB00B0F5h
xor     eax, 0B14D349Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0C4657FE2h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 70DE34F9h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 2188EEEAh
add     eax, 12C6F66Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 96C0D9F3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 55AD231Dh
add     eax, 1FA106F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8257D556h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5387822Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0CE9A3956h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C664FA2Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F0A005EBh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 1A312C2Bh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0E39ACA2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5FE62EEEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 523A5C8Fh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0B9FE4666h
add     eax, 0D7370660h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 51C2D332h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3ED33CFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3371CE50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 28AE69ACh
add     eax, 658A52B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2A7D0BAAh
add     eax, 0F9F3A240h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 3AD75E5Dh
add     eax, 0BD93DFABh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 998EF73Fh
xor     eax, 0EF67F6C3h
add     eax, 0F92883BCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A4D14A4Fh
add     eax, 1297CC31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 32DB3C76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 736ACFFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 9DD36000h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 62344374h
xor     eax, 11A13B24h
sub     eax, 0C232BF57h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0B0425018h
sub     eax, 4DA6688Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 2E871721h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 47DF93DDh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 85E53182h
xor     eax, 29398524h
xor     eax, 0C51182E4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 4F39363Ah
sub     eax, 0E0DF4489h
add     eax, 0FD827C70h
xor     eax, 6EA7D309h
add     eax, 9468D1EBh
sub     eax, 3138B4BFh
sub     eax, 48A22611h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 907B2278h
add     eax, 71362522h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 43151002h
add     eax, 81A3D082h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5B815EAEh
add     eax, 5F3C71C9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 681AFDCDh
sub     eax, 16F5905Bh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 66E1B2F4h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 7CCC1E9Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 94FB5286h
add     eax, 4590F131h
xor     eax, 6735F14Eh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 6E72ED8Dh
xor     eax, 9F207CD7h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B7C4DC64h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 9F59D6FCh
xor     eax, 7CB6D02Ah
xor     eax, 6DFB3BD7h
add     eax, 0CA592D64h
sub     eax, 2095ABCAh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 223EDC09h
xor     eax, 171896CCh
add     eax, 75E03EFEh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0E8CECD13h
sub     eax, 4E8E3A96h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F94D02F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 41A85E2Ch
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0AA1A82EEh
add     eax, 40BDCAB6h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 31B4F3F3h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A359C432h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C349C769h
add     eax, 0FE45D032h
xor     eax, 0D01720E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0E931B75Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 8556A18Ch
xor     eax, 58EEDEB7h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 4E95E135h
xor     eax, 996449BAh
add     eax, 89473899h
sub     eax, 0A06101D5h
xor     eax, 8D3429CAh
xor     eax, 0C1663394h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0CBCE58C4h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 8A52E327h
sub     eax, 9FAB4183h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0DC60D693h
not     eax
xor     eax, 822608E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5EB68170h
xor     eax, 0E82527BFh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0E53BE88Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 86F153A6h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0A8127124h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 65D3D83Bh
xor     eax, 0E05B3B89h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 28F8CA89h
not     eax
xor     eax, 605055CDh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0D8062CF7h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 2FDA0601h
sub     eax, 274EC31Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 2537C4ADh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 21127733h
xor     eax, 703D5C94h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 5A670E53h
sub     eax, 85572B61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0CAE68866h
xor     eax, 0CEB85DDAh
sub     eax, 61CFA727h
xor     eax, 4DEC6920h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0A23DF35Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0D526003Fh
xor     eax, 25B9B1BAh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 8C5CACE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 7CD1AE50h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 7EA2F82Ah
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 288BC4BBh
not     eax
add     eax, 254F180Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0ECEC8DB8h
xor     eax, 0AE8F064Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 17F51849h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2D1F85B2h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0AA64284Ch
xor     eax, 0C7F74B33h
sub     eax, 1225B158h
xor     eax, 0B018B926h
not     eax
add     eax, 455A1845h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 92901C0Dh
sub     eax, 0D989954Ah
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0DD477635h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 4A3065A1h
add     eax, 0C4FF931Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 18C8A3B1h
sub     eax, 0B2AD715Dh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 5BAA27B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 61EF1D07h
add     eax, 0E3E25EB5h
add     eax, 13FA957Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0BA6A4D6Bh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0FAEDD8EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4C7A283Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E685D214h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AD4D7907h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C67D0171h
not     eax
add     eax, 7D1C0D61h
add     eax, 0D29FF59Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BB51773Fh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CFFA1D4Ch
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 51427A12h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0AB25F09Fh
xor     eax, 442E8129h
xor     eax, 32E63663h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D93341C9h
sub     eax, 35D92BA4h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 9B8F976Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0E8B66F40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 40593420h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 56E4337Eh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0CB67A5F9h
xor     eax, 2FA43C2Eh
add     eax, 582B90D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 912130F5h
add     eax, 0E7A35443h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 4DC7D46Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6B904CF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 914FFEF9h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 189DBD36h
add     eax, 45D4FEABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D8EC8F2Dh
add     eax, 53D7C631h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0FB8D8D06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 273F8131h
xor     eax, 2C88AE9Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 28A6CABAh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E8D3574Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 53607D3Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FB8D63D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EDEBE247h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0A05C0CA1h
sub     eax, 0F313E530h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 684D92FCh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 10427111h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 30D05AE6h
add     eax, 1BD7115Ch
sub     eax, 0D172BB95h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 7C48C895h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5D392F4Ah
add     eax, 5A21C574h
add     eax, 0DE421C33h
xor     eax, 0CD73B12Ah
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0F6BB5768h
not     eax
add     eax, 3FE76164h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F3608949h
xor     eax, 88C9EF47h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0AAEC9F59h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 933BA878h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 6A1CFA45h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0ECF85DDBh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0F07A5FF7h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0BCDF6E08h
add     eax, 2A771F2Dh
xor     eax, 0D89D5B2Dh
add     eax, 0E51021B4h
xor     eax, 7AC05840h
sub     eax, 0EE534EC5h
sub     eax, 5A677C35h
sub     eax, 38E2AACDh
add     eax, 0CD1E9CD9h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 13625DFFh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 850DA959h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 1918D671h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9993DF17h
add     eax, 0E662908Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CD3DFAD2h
xor     eax, 0E88945A7h
xor     eax, 361440DAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B941D4DCh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0C4C2A3BEh
xor     eax, 51481164h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DC7BDB6Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 807D966Ah
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0F1B26596h
xor     eax, 2D6A65A0h
sub     eax, 15DDAB69h
sub     eax, 1B4EAAC3h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 48D6481Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 80906BFCh
add     eax, 0E81156F1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C8767DC9h
xor     eax, 8C0CCE6Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 96E05572h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 71555D8Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FF9CF54Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0F6D0E278h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0B2F4CA6Ah
sub     eax, 587A4550h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0CFDCCCA8h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0B2357873h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 2EF58893h
xor     eax, 0AC2D8554h
sub     eax, 0F95C31C5h
xor     eax, 0E0296B6Ah
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 2A0779A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F6DA714Eh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0F8ACB637h
add     eax, 9B9479A8h
add     eax, 0E652FD25h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0D2F2D1DCh
xor     eax, 902F36E3h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 8F9266AFh
add     eax, 0F4FD832Eh
sub     eax, 5A08313Eh
xor     eax, 48191D67h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 1B422F5Eh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0AE86CC66h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5D807DE4h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 5FC63E45h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 6BC1215Bh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 18000760h
sub     eax, 0DA00FD77h
xor     eax, 7742FED0h
sub     eax, 2D612D50h
add     eax, 58FF6E67h
sub     eax, 0F5CD4E4Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BCAAB4AEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F6D97CCCh
sub     eax, 0C89CAA2Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5E4CF79Eh
add     eax, 4AE8CCA8h
add     eax, 1651C2EAh
xor     eax, 181A7ABBh
xor     eax, 0BC275088h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EA0A6A3Eh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0C30276B0h
sub     eax, 5AB38803h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C03942B4h
add     eax, 0C3F1979Ch
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0DC4CA4B2h
add     eax, 9FF07D2Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B75B4E87h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D109CC84h
add     eax, 2FD52D93h
xor     eax, 0F5B398D1h
xor     eax, 764492B2h
add     eax, 21D962A8h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BB1F8839h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 6EFD1CE4h
xor     eax, 13701982h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 2E8236CBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0D6549514h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D23164F3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 3C1540B9h
xor     eax, 46551402h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0F18359E3h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 4B15FA65h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E8EA34E9h
sub     eax, 341273C8h
sub     eax, 0E9A65FF6h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 7D2718B9h
xor     eax, 4C3AC138h
sub     eax, 90250BF8h
sub     eax, 378FE2B7h
xor     eax, 0FE87F8A5h
xor     eax, 49F74CF0h
add     eax, 62EDE103h
xor     eax, 0B7D71EBEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 42C5F099h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DABF6755h
add     eax, 4F524801h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 9AE6EDA1h
add     eax, 0A0D02D68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 80C6F5C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 68978094h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0B960DAABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0DB00F07Dh
sub     eax, 6E99B8EAh
xor     eax, 0A832FB3Fh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 41A4DC4Eh
sub     eax, 1278F0E3h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0FACB4807h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DF392712h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 870ACC31h
add     eax, 5F90806Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 5EB46FBBh
sub     eax, 11C9877Ch
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2D309D5Ah
add     eax, 0C193BC48h
sub     eax, 51E6778Fh
xor     eax, 67AE8727h
add     eax, 69B83481h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0A42729CCh
xor     eax, 22E4F9EEh
sub     eax, 84A0E7AFh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8B45B791h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 646D34D0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 50D24F51h
xor     eax, 9E9EABEBh
xor     eax, 8872F40Ch
add     eax, 0FE8C50A7h
sub     eax, 0B9A33344h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 3BB0A9F3h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0EEA2223Eh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0CC7E8B84h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0B6CFD357h
sub     eax, 0DDBC0FB2h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 575A2FE0h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 6A007753h
add     eax, 861B0635h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0CC87B4AEh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 121DD1A1h
xor     eax, 0CDC2BB36h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 7F00912Ah
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0D0F7AB81h
sub     eax, 0C5961C4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D4C2F68h
xor     eax, 0D526213Fh
add     eax, 8809F87Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AFC028D1h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0CF97EC33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AA6892EFh
add     eax, 1C9922B4h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0E1EF7F6Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 82D9C5D8h
xor     eax, 7B3AA1DAh
sub     eax, 6F827CEBh
add     eax, 8E59C1F0h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 86892E68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A38B17F2h
xor     eax, 0AA64FA9Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 86C4335Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 46836D1Dh
xor     eax, 92E57AC0h
add     eax, 4DD620B7h
sub     eax, 0A4C2CAB1h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 8F8D5E7Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C7B3002Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A77DDDABh
xor     eax, 564676DBh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0F05F8955h
not     eax
add     eax, 8CA666B5h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 72C6B190h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 117D5514h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0F46E1CC0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1F4E41F4h
add     eax, 0EEEDB3BAh
sub     eax, 9EBFB202h
xor     eax, 9D308B0Ah
xor     eax, 0EE822C03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D86058F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1BE501E2h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 131D7D66h
xor     eax, 59799354h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C9733AF1h
sub     eax, 0CFFC9370h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 94C2F1CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 3F2FCFEEh
add     eax, 3EBE030Ch
xor     eax, 537C1139h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4048AD2Eh
add     eax, 7A002AA5h
add     eax, 6247A84Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1B88E4D4h
xor     eax, 0C0066067h
sub     eax, 59757FD8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 20AE60A3h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0F6D755E7h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0B77E2FACh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 6C53AC09h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0C905C401h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1210C866h
add     eax, 45A96B9Ch
add     eax, 1A579DCEh
xor     eax, 0C48B7C18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 364F44DDh
sub     eax, 17770BDAh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 77AE9DA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0BB70C236h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0F20F9895h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0F7C6E9E4h
xor     eax, 0BDE86126h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 6C6062C5h
xor     eax, 831ADE5Fh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 7F664636h
add     eax, 2F9D5355h
xor     eax, 430BA8B4h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B378C24Ch
xor     eax, 0BF0E02DFh
add     eax, 58C0DD2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 958BDA6Ah
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 6AC6C731h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0C9D5F420h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5FC391ADh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 59DA4716h
not     eax
xor     eax, 34076C58h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E44BED72h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 622B6F17h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B23DBBE4h
add     eax, 52141FA6h
sub     eax, 0E8A49CE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C8614F77h
sub     eax, 66D0CE41h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E83889Eh
sub     eax, 1837F763h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4BA28657h
xor     eax, 7C2FE3D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8189C027h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7E2820F8h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 4D6CA5CCh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 207C3496h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A51A853Ch
xor     eax, 6A099ACFh
add     eax, 2C04E9B7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 556FCE19h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 43C0F289h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8BBC84C2h
xor     eax, 0B4131E45h
add     eax, 0B660FDBFh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 126CE010h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9FB19DB7h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0A6E29AC4h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 372B7805h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 60BA5C4Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0CDBEC83Ch
sub     eax, 0D9236DC8h
add     eax, 54DDA7D5h
sub     eax, 3558CF66h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 264016F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 511FC489h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 618296ADh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 1002EBF2h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 24714548h
xor     eax, 0C5D4E1C9h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 859E24F0h
xor     eax, 82E72B35h
sub     eax, 342E6211h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 519F5B30h
add     eax, 0BD456D46h
add     eax, 0D9CE422Fh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 65168456h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 8113907Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 12EA0581h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EF663FD0h
sub     eax, 816CF43Fh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 9D027E82h
add     eax, 6E7F0E6Ch
add     eax, 0A11F798Dh
sub     eax, 822DDB7Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A46C0E7Eh
add     eax, 0E819BD29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E3C62D82h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2FED85DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DE40112Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 89B09780h
xor     eax, 0F7D6DD37h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C220AE5Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 3034AF44h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 14022B40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E985E048h
xor     eax, 69F627FCh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0AABD36ABh
xor     eax, 3B5541C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BBD28F02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 354B042Ah
xor     eax, 75BDD492h
xor     eax, 0B74F7C5Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5A72BCFDh
sub     eax, 0F04E545Eh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0AA601B28h
sub     eax, 0AA2DE084h
xor     eax, 67C409D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8298F3BBh
sub     eax, 0DA543277h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 669234BFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EF313529h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CB00A416h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2260FC06h
xor     eax, 5519B6A5h
xor     eax, 23925296h
sub     eax, 56403A8Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 34B0064Bh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 8C8DAA07h
sub     eax, 2C8BAD7Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 166FCB36h
sub     eax, 90540E3Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F74AF617h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 0E68A9299h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8BCBBDCFh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0FBA0789Bh
add     eax, 69A305A3h
add     eax, 0F39B4E52h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 9A867BECh
sub     eax, 0C37266C5h
add     eax, 3D5BEAD3h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 8A123AAFh
sub     eax, 234AD70Ah
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 748D8498h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 49983B1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DAE52AF4h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 3735C290h
sub     eax, 533144D1h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 63349C16h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5D98D8F8h
sub     eax, 47C473B7h
not     eax
add     eax, 6F7C4B17h
sub     eax, 0C32BAAABh
xor     eax, 3B05C616h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A8CD1197h
sub     eax, 79911F3Eh
sub     eax, 0B5244726h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 59237A9Dh
add     eax, 7A1E5A13h
sub     eax, 74E797E9h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 10DF50BDh
xor     eax, 610C6E99h
sub     eax, 18679A66h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0F5A8BD08h
add     eax, 3A71E5E8h
sub     eax, 677DBC63h
add     eax, 0A4B7B963h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0FC35EB88h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 34078380h
sub     eax, 336D704Eh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2C88E718h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 980C8D6Eh
sub     eax, 2BD41DEFh
xor     eax, 0ED3865AFh
sub     eax, 0CDD2D486h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 75F74AE0h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 6954D8FCh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 21206A6Ch
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0E44AA7E8h
not     eax
add     eax, 8B2394D4h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 94B81FB0h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0A47F919Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0CFC5D51Bh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B07E5477h
xor     eax, 0B66A0F16h
add     eax, 4D40DD4Ah
add     eax, 0BF863D7Bh
xor     eax, 0DD7F41DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 4E4A0376h
sub     eax, 0B1A72715h
xor     eax, 1C444B34h
not     eax
add     eax, 2A9BE246h
sub     eax, 0E00F1E80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9B201322h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E78C757Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 259C3ACBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4776A1F0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 687033C6h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 19B2A6C8h
sub     eax, 3BDD61C6h
xor     eax, 0A607A4E4h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0CEDD45B2h
sub     eax, 11ADD7C3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 91ED60AEh
sub     eax, 0AE715B9Bh
sub     eax, 0C6BB9403h
not     eax
xor     eax, 86D9E100h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 6BDE486Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 49C5E8A1h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0EEBEE16Ah
sub     eax, 0E84C5023h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 79CE86D7h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0DA42D11Dh
add     eax, 1488F541h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C40F08C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7D3D1857h
sub     eax, 430225B3h
add     eax, 0BADE2003h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 70488FB9h
xor     eax, 0C758CC56h
xor     eax, 9B3DAC89h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FB4EFEE4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 758AD452h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 17770E8Fh
sub     eax, 0EEB88F25h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 6DBB7076h
add     eax, 454BDE3Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0A22198B2h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2ACB22CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 264E6222h
sub     eax, 5316990Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C4D67A13h
xor     eax, 1D03EE6Bh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0E86DE2EDh
add     eax, 0A6F5CD5Ah
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 93531EB8h
add     eax, 6186F071h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D023333Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6BC817C5h
sub     eax, 6082B694h
sub     eax, 599292A8h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 52BE2C57h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 3F4C14E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 932B89C6h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 4F200EDBh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 3A7513A8h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E23ECF6Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A4CBECCDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D3CF7727h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ECB1EA1Bh
sub     eax, 0F6A2D781h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AB6C6A27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8DFB0724h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1F03A312h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 5E23A269h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 5A01D041h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 3BD27906h
xor     eax, 0EDCD9F8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0C4A5B6A7h
xor     eax, 4B126177h
add     eax, 0E20B23A9h
xor     eax, 12235915h
sub     eax, 0C81C1D66h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A5C7EC0Ah
xor     eax, 0FDF76E6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0E71E8B89h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 7D7815FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A9BAE4CDh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 91CB4664h
sub     eax, 745F9493h
sub     eax, 9D38B848h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 13CB553Dh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 5C05DE62h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AD3B4246h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 6BC24543h
sub     eax, 0B7A90724h
xor     eax, 0CD298689h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B02BE684h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 7DB53CD6h
sub     eax, 4DB404A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1C7C8BECh
xor     eax, 0A52354EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 4366B42Fh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 18B53A8Ch
add     eax, 0CA582F43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 3B1543A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E9098C70h
sub     eax, 0C285CBD3h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9D83731Bh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 179FD87Fh
add     eax, 80ABC954h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0E7507845h
add     eax, 0D855E074h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 70C05732h
sub     eax, 0D9FE5462h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D90703F1h
add     eax, 0E596FC69h
add     eax, 0BF514C9Bh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0C180465Fh
xor     eax, 0C2C88158h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0C2201879h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 71819A0Dh
sub     eax, 54E6D40Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FB9E1163h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0ED97E90Eh
add     eax, 42E2F25Bh
xor     eax, 88F6AE9Dh
xor     eax, 21173457h
add     eax, 0B79CBF38h
sub     eax, 0D4AFD187h
xor     eax, 88307C7Ch
xor     eax, 0C5654DFEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B920F6A6h
add     eax, 0DCFE9CA4h
add     eax, 2248C91Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 460DDF1Fh
sub     eax, 6867551Dh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 522AD6C1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6CE4E908h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4945768Ch
sub     eax, 0AABC4479h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C29A4BDAh
sub     eax, 5A42C4CFh
xor     eax, 3DA9BE3Ch
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0CA9C0B40h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 7E84D967h
xor     eax, 85089DD5h
add     eax, 8CC0B3F5h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 2519C4B2h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 884CCB6Bh
sub     eax, 89EC26DCh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 302F6D79h
sub     eax, 5C23F52Dh
add     eax, 0A564772Dh
sub     eax, 6C836729h
add     eax, 25CAA7A2h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 5ED794C6h
sub     eax, 0C521BFE5h
add     eax, 73A0A57Dh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 354D4C55h
sub     eax, 4EBDD427h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 8D8109C1h
xor     eax, 2D76254Bh
sub     eax, 87174080h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 8BC11A41h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0BA5ED1AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 99EC7324h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0AAFE52F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 4BCBC0B3h
sub     eax, 5011CBDFh
sub     eax, 0C228D219h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 56FA3EA8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B435CE8Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0F4A5A2A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 557FA9C1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CC489998h
xor     eax, 5245E331h
not     eax
sub     eax, 32E4237Bh
xor     eax, 201D6D9Dh
sub     eax, 674541A5h
xor     eax, 28AA6397h
sub     eax, 0C82E0C94h
xor     eax, 0D7AC4D97h
add     eax, 701AD884h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 303D6AD2h
xor     eax, 5E10D14Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E8C1DC66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0DAAB78D7h
xor     eax, 6EEFB5A5h
add     eax, 4DAFC8EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2D9D74BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8CB50A03h
sub     eax, 53DAF34Ch
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 3872E11Dh
xor     eax, 393D75F2h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0C3D0870Fh
add     eax, 342607B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9C0BAFA0h
xor     eax, 0AC28798Fh
xor     eax, 418FC128h
xor     eax, 0D544985Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 6CECE650h
sub     eax, 50355486h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 44BF5A40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0CCF82CD1h
xor     eax, 0C7EEB9D5h
xor     eax, 5286CBF0h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0EC5923BEh
sub     eax, 0E7561532h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0A48D095Eh
sub     eax, 40C07A34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B84C86F9h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0F71B5AADh
xor     eax, 8F091EE3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E92ABC54h
sub     eax, 0E3C48532h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 2A8ED976h
add     eax, 0EEBE3D32h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0B46EB52Dh
xor     eax, 0D4880704h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 21B79895h
sub     eax, 53A707E1h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0B25E32AEh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 89E4A2EBh
xor     eax, 0BDFC3E9Fh
xor     eax, 9231B25Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 710BD71Ah
xor     eax, 9AED2120h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 7EA3EF71h
xor     eax, 2001E942h
add     eax, 0FEE179EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 684D5F0Ch
xor     eax, 32B235AAh
xor     eax, 8A8AD16Fh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 8E38E158h
not     eax
xor     eax, 66E2DC9Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 53BB7D83h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 49EB2F43h
sub     eax, 6F6806FEh
xor     eax, 0E13F4ABFh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0B7C1E896h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 6760A141h
sub     eax, 0FF4D02F4h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0AED2E0E3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D83E68A7h
add     eax, 0B24F3154h
sub     eax, 9F51035Dh
xor     eax, 0B275EB15h
sub     eax, 30629441h
sub     eax, 0D6BAC7B2h
sub     eax, 81D05E12h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 9FFCCF3Dh
sub     eax, 949DA265h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B8083418h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 1CF9A4D2h
xor     eax, 0B6C49093h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7FA22DD4h
xor     eax, 0A00E92DFh
sub     eax, 5ACD6D5Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 97C17D02h
sub     eax, 0D828E4BAh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CA54DF02h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 5C498AE2h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 9423BBA3h
sub     eax, 0F0FC4436h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FB6687B0h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 830AEB09h
add     eax, 88FF493Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5FDF3C38h
sub     eax, 6918FAD7h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 9BB412F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F62FE039h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 5C90E5EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BE8084EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F04C6BC2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 420A9076h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 9A0A7522h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 6DF3E9C1h
add     eax, 60842CB1h
sub     eax, 663752C8h
add     eax, 5104B8DAh
add     eax, 6321DAE5h
xor     eax, 8AE13DEBh
xor     eax, 0B22F2E79h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 4C229199h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B5A133F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8BA676F5h
xor     eax, 0EE322363h
sub     eax, 625D9A67h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 54005B92h
sub     eax, 0F3BF0479h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0D5086B6Dh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 5AA24B11h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 1505A0CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AD77DFE9h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 236F0936h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0D14F8232h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 4C25536Ch
sub     eax, 0D0F3893Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 427AD139h
xor     eax, 6B9B2DEAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AFFE8F55h
sub     eax, 0AF5AAB4Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 4093FC46h
add     eax, 3C3494D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0BB3EF78Fh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DEBA7A7Bh
add     eax, 0DD00DD8Bh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 82375DF3h
add     eax, 764571A9h
add     eax, 0D9287A65h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 3ACD7562h
add     eax, 0AE904A47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 2764330Dh
xor     eax, 0F33FAEA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 23E550D0h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 71AEFA1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DB1A3A0Ah
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 73C7E3A3h
xor     eax, 3E39C755h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5F1D7B28h
sub     eax, 81EEDD2Ch
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D124E9B8h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 703F50FDh
xor     eax, 0FEC6D299h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 2B5F066Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 17CF97EEh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 2153770Eh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 75CC3A43h
not     eax
add     eax, 9E7B84B3h
sub     eax, 0A3C93D2Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0F524039Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 44E733EBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 1AD886BCh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 1933DAADh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 113AED07h
xor     eax, 0CA9F637Ah
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 23A037C9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 65707960h
xor     eax, 74B2EBC5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B71B838Ch
xor     eax, 1C5AF15Fh
xor     eax, 1F5458D9h
xor     eax, 8AA459FDh
xor     eax, 0D5E79F10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 15F502A5h
sub     eax, 9EA0E233h
xor     eax, 3543C5BCh
sub     eax, 93F3F21Eh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2667E1E0h
add     eax, 0E282DCEEh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 97AFBE2Bh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0CC730020h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0C04A8363h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AD352C21h
xor     eax, 0B12F0CDFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E07DED9Ch
sub     eax, 0ABCF91BDh
add     eax, 0B1280AE0h
xor     eax, 64244E6Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0E8819DE3h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 969DBD41h
xor     eax, 0DD174A44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2692785Ah
add     eax, 4EB85CC5h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0C409F1A0h
xor     eax, 7F894531h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 54373339h
add     eax, 8E4771B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 87495FF5h
xor     eax, 88134E23h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 8FB89825h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 917F1DB5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 999E71EAh
xor     eax, 0BB15959Ch
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 2E8427D1h
xor     eax, 7B720734h
xor     eax, 0EE3E9587h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 4F6C20E0h
sub     eax, 8DED51ACh
xor     eax, 7F64F6BFh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0B4C9AE51h
xor     eax, 0FA12A398h
not     eax
xor     eax, 43CD033Bh
add     eax, 89CC0598h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0AA8E9F02h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0E1EBA13Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7A39DEF6h
sub     eax, 43E6D11Bh
add     eax, 0EAF10085h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0EF520E81h
add     eax, 18DBFC6Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 7BC12E18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 794F91ADh
add     eax, 9449AB62h
add     eax, 559274F2h
sub     eax, 26FB395Dh
add     eax, 0B80A6840h
not     eax
add     eax, 466238DCh
sub     eax, 2BDD39A6h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 545C7392h
not     eax
xor     eax, 75178574h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 2562CBF1h
sub     eax, 89686751h
xor     eax, 0AB23E5B5h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 2DEB8097h
sub     eax, 0ECE7B988h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D3EA0B7Fh
sub     eax, 0FF14E777h
sub     eax, 978A7363h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5982FC5Dh
xor     eax, 0B9A45304h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 6E28A60Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 36518F0Ch
xor     eax, 97E02EEAh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CB84C283h
sub     eax, 0C16BA712h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 93BA95A2h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 1B05643Eh
sub     eax, 1385BE98h
add     eax, 18C4A7FFh
add     eax, 909AE008h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 20422031h
xor     eax, 2EDEDDD8h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 37461E0Ch
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 180F0866h
not     eax
add     eax, 1D74755Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9942B41Bh
xor     eax, 103BB584h
sub     eax, 0FE06DAF3h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E9636489h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B0057B54h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3020A47Bh
add     eax, 801ED562h
not     eax
add     eax, 288FBA78h
add     eax, 2FE58603h
add     eax, 14700F4Ah
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0BA803A05h
add     eax, 744E3A54h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0B5981698h
sub     eax, 0CB5D1855h
add     eax, 7538E9C9h
xor     eax, 6B0B9DA0h
xor     eax, 612C8135h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4C5F912Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0EAC96B69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0CB6752EBh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0C0FC42F5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0E02F5DFEh
sub     eax, 9357CF1Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D2534FCFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0A9F593B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E2019FC9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DF8A2FCDh
sub     eax, 98DE255Ah
add     eax, 0FF6DE4EAh
sub     eax, 21EB7CEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3495FEEFh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0F443A664h
add     eax, 0AEFB7FB3h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 89CB1C1Bh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 8E942D58h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 78A0F8DBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 84FBE010h
xor     eax, 50C733A4h
xor     eax, 0A60D4FDEh
add     eax, 0F16E26ADh
add     eax, 7E795FFCh
xor     eax, 97AF10D1h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0FBDD720Dh
sub     eax, 7C06259Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E2291795h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B59F4070h
not     eax
xor     eax, 516A14C7h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 4499C828h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C6FEA191h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0E6C23DA4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 739B00CEh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 915F2E10h
add     eax, 157695CFh
sub     eax, 46DD1440h
sub     eax, 5CD61467h
add     eax, 0C7FDABB3h
add     eax, 75EDD740h
xor     eax, 52A58FA7h
add     eax, 9200D2C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7459C2F1h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 1CFFB941h
add     eax, 0CDB57E91h
sub     eax, 812E04FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 4FFDC783h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 11B59189h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 8CCC4835h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C268EDBFh
xor     eax, 5833AD89h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 37342AE1h
sub     eax, 0A34A46F5h
xor     eax, 0A2D9FDEAh
add     eax, 4FE36EA7h
sub     eax, 1DF4E743h
not     eax
sub     eax, 467376C5h
xor     eax, 0D3C43E45h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CF669DB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D64D8F90h
sub     eax, 6AFBB5E0h
sub     eax, 0E3141C68h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 664FD3C6h
sub     eax, 0BB79B76Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 6271119Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0B4230D46h
sub     eax, 0D21C9981h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0DCE50EEDh
sub     eax, 3508E494h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0D2F72A83h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 82FBD908h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EC47F785h
add     eax, 6048BE21h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0C31792B2h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0DCF293C0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 830330E5h
add     eax, 0E0235007h
sub     eax, 2FF8E5E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D9D7DA35h
xor     eax, 455F950Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5D1F86EDh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 6064DF1Ch
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0A52CCB4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 709B4ACCh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 7FD9C056h
xor     eax, 66DE7570h
add     eax, 91B7807Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DD963D62h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 6EA643ADh
sub     eax, 9F392BE4h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0BF55A310h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 324195E2h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 200C0D45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0A2A60D5Bh
xor     eax, 0FBD1651Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C565EFE0h
xor     eax, 0DA2F173Bh
add     eax, 0E14FA0C4h
add     eax, 0E1E83091h
xor     eax, 71F13217h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0BA7CB4A2h
sub     eax, 51E02FCFh
add     eax, 0F48B340Fh
add     eax, 4079DF23h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B828B713h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B8BA84E1h
xor     eax, 5D3E603Dh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 33A35B95h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0A3D4F811h
xor     eax, 0B90F4F2Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0AE8C3AC8h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C4EF309Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5A507F6Ah
sub     eax, 9F95E83Ah
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0AE0D2CFCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 59A5DDBAh
sub     eax, 0F5D3FCBDh
sub     eax, 47AB6920h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 60D6DB2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FF57AB0Bh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D382D9BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 93BB4D42h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AF81741Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BAED3F11h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 591BCBE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FE9DB659h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 7FC14C20h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 4B72D74Fh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 98F7D6CFh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0E93A52ECh
sub     eax, 2D0B9AC4h
add     eax, 0B3B2AB0Bh
add     eax, 0D039D05Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EFD8DC12h
add     eax, 5A1E215Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DDAE43AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 3D64AA09h
xor     eax, 7B81D64Dh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D014AA97h
sub     eax, 389683B7h
sub     eax, 53C90844h
sub     eax, 1091E1DBh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0E137578Ch
sub     eax, 7E661C35h
add     eax, 3716E49Eh
add     eax, 0A1871BE8h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 22BC4422h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FD662054h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0C6650CA5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 76791465h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 6E05E533h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 752F5EE9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 6ED1174Dh
xor     eax, 0E01744E9h
sub     eax, 6DF7934Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8588F5B2h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FF917F2Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0C62C827Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 320E97EDh
sub     eax, 99F2CD5Fh
add     eax, 4A48D369h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 33635457h
xor     eax, 8002E726h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 20919EE5h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0BD567991h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 2832B3D6h
sub     eax, 0A29878FBh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 78E20314h
xor     eax, 632C4CF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 8A933DC8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 6D4E5B94h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 4F0447F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0ADBC3A7Ah
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 6CEC9295h
xor     eax, 94C8853Ah
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 45474693h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0CC239E72h
not     eax
add     eax, 6E69A2BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6D8CA3FFh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 954E8A15h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0B3D97C5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F746475Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 25ED2D21h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 1C54E3AAh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 2912EE88h
add     eax, 0F8431500h
add     eax, 5135ADAFh
xor     eax, 5957AE19h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 2E325393h
xor     eax, 0C928F120h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B5EE3B41h
xor     eax, 0E0A21EB1h
xor     eax, 144BA3C5h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 1D17618Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D789D987h
not     eax
xor     eax, 110139E0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EDF7EC29h
xor     eax, 8E336785h
sub     eax, 78504953h
xor     eax, 5E8F38AFh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 1DA7B580h
add     eax, 23D2A889h
add     eax, 0B117B03Ch
add     eax, 0CB937A0Bh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0C01F5F50h
xor     eax, 0B6F0AB06h
add     eax, 5F4F1E42h
sub     eax, 0B71EDA1Fh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 83939BC5h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B79EB276h
add     eax, 38A691C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 297B845Ah
sub     eax, 0A6894489h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CC8A4CFEh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0CD2EC780h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B45FE10Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C803023Ah
add     eax, 3A47D408h
sub     eax, 0C4E8C291h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 3A944A93h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 45471017h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 88BC385Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 72E5444Fh
add     eax, 56297E45h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 14443199h
xor     eax, 10147268h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 571DBBE4h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9672E8A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0AD264751h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F3FE911Ah
add     eax, 2EE80359h
xor     eax, 0DEDE93B0h
not     eax
add     eax, 9D76440Ah
xor     eax, 0A44584F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 97D00831h
xor     eax, 1A3B001Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0C2408A43h
xor     eax, 0F436402Dh
add     eax, 0DF0D9068h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8A4E2B2Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 6EE39A44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 61396A08h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D922D78Fh
add     eax, 988FBEB8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0D2585503h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 117686C1h
xor     eax, 817C5910h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FA9B7E7Ch
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CCA9E19Ch
xor     eax, 84969683h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 1DFFA28Bh
add     eax, 95B4CD1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C76BFA2Eh
xor     eax, 52D4CCCBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0C89208E4h
sub     eax, 0BA99163Ch
xor     eax, 0F374DD19h
add     eax, 0D913A44Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0D8CF65D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 19BF7B37h
sub     eax, 41128FFBh
xor     eax, 5001B491h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0D6AEF6B3h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AF10696Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D18420F4h
sub     eax, 0F63DCD13h
sub     eax, 1B0E6B98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 40378BB7h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0F789C316h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 5DFBBBECh
sub     eax, 183A0D3Bh
xor     eax, 0E2A5B97Dh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 26F0CF95h
sub     eax, 0B057FBD6h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0DFC61676h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 9926AE3Bh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 7D5700D5h
add     eax, 8D3FB8DAh
add     eax, 8DDD734Ch
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0FF5DB470h
xor     eax, 5A035D54h
xor     eax, 0CC5675FFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A56893FAh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 7E039706h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 55009F72h
sub     eax, 91F79240h
sub     eax, 0DE27EBA2h
xor     eax, 36CE70C6h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9EA8FABEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 72E578CBh
add     eax, 19916B1Ah
xor     eax, 7369BA26h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 82F038C9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9A31E395h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 34743375h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7BEF55EBh
xor     eax, 0DEF44BB8h
sub     eax, 64053ED0h
xor     eax, 0D065F7AAh
sub     eax, 20A4E94Eh
sub     eax, 89F92876h
sub     eax, 38EAB196h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0EAD880EFh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 64233624h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0F1518B56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 75372EFBh
xor     eax, 20531560h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0A4B7B80Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1ADD771Fh
xor     eax, 0E3FC61CEh
add     eax, 289E585Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0EEF85693h
sub     eax, 95BDCACBh
sub     eax, 333D1F3Ah
add     eax, 5159F71Fh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 8AC832B6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E8EFABCEh
sub     eax, 4396B120h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0F59EC3E0h
xor     eax, 84F0E75Ah
sub     eax, 0B22D2B5Ah
sub     eax, 0ECA6FAACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D239005Dh
xor     eax, 80320B67h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 7E0771A3h
add     eax, 0B7BEE5FEh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 11AF5239h
xor     eax, 2102C071h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0A9E2051Eh
xor     eax, 53E3275Bh
sub     eax, 7C6B5BB1h
sub     eax, 6FD4FB6Ah
sub     eax, 0BA87CE5Eh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0D67E7545h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FBC33DF1h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 45EB0336h
xor     eax, 50FA800Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 85CB36BCh
sub     eax, 0F108F587h
xor     eax, 88F24872h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 5AEFCFC5h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B220616Eh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 25E3D0ADh
add     eax, 0D0470108h
sub     eax, 0F83F5627h
add     eax, 9261F605h
add     eax, 1881D509h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7626BEE5h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 89925783h
xor     eax, 0C2E8F79Bh
sub     eax, 0AE69E211h
sub     eax, 51FB32C3h
xor     eax, 0ABB43628h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 29127C90h
not     eax
sub     eax, 18579093h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 344E7057h
add     eax, 632BA2E6h
xor     eax, 0EE9F49FBh
add     eax, 186F6732h
xor     eax, 0D5B5FF80h
xor     eax, 0F3F9F3D1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 8C8ED1B4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 9B0F6E21h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0C47A1A6Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0DF05CDB1h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0DB0D4593h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 9C716634h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4D3B16F9h
add     eax, 55978D8Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BA110BACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 12B7850Dh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 2C1186A0h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F643661Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2F0AA84Dh
xor     eax, 0AF4EE160h
sub     eax, 0B7C241D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 2418B704h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 9E44E2EBh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 52941997h
add     eax, 2E50CB7Bh
sub     eax, 0F621315Ch
add     eax, 7F94D2C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0E4EAE6F2h
xor     eax, 2CC60E01h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 544A9A58h
xor     eax, 9E8F5F9Ch
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0F12E3053h
xor     eax, 0E1E50EAFh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0FBA6187Ch
sub     eax, 0B989C3F0h
add     eax, 94C08A3Eh
xor     eax, 0B2774A37h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ABBA3A7Bh
xor     eax, 0D16ED844h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A11DB364h
add     eax, 7858DB88h
xor     eax, 2D1217C2h
xor     eax, 3FE40F86h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 71F7483Ah
add     eax, 0E3BAA62Bh
sub     eax, 0E58F35F4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 674451CFh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0F5A4F413h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0F92437F7h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 2F9C165Eh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 529409F8h
sub     eax, 0E949A7EAh
xor     eax, 0A54E8F51h
not     eax
xor     eax, 278D0D67h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0D6C607BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 31E9EBC0h
xor     eax, 0A0F65B5Eh
sub     eax, 0C01D1D76h
sub     eax, 3BB09413h
sub     eax, 0AF784907h
add     eax, 0BEBC9B0Ah
add     eax, 539B2D9Ah
sub     eax, 5F8AD56Dh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E98BA8A4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E1712724h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 61D99ABCh
sub     eax, 7AC7D924h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A7FF8054h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0A36934F7h
sub     eax, 8D5EE5C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B864F687h
add     eax, 2400CC7Fh
add     eax, 8A9CDA08h
sub     eax, 7E9A6C99h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AC245A5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2ABFC42Ah
add     eax, 7BBAB206h
add     eax, 8207470Dh
xor     eax, 47FDDDBEh
sub     eax, 718D4EB7h
add     eax, 84AC334Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7D141051h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8E7FDC10h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3113FA7Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 1144F268h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B5C63E8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B2BCCB2Fh
sub     eax, 78D7160Bh
add     eax, 68B7CF76h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0FBBC0DB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D13B236Eh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0E650C92Dh
sub     eax, 0C282F955h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0C7F58146h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 7E61E1E3h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0EB8905CBh
sub     eax, 7E9CDB11h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0AB2FA70Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 2DD5CB47h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 692B1B92h
sub     eax, 0A1F7FAD1h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 65AD9E7Ch
xor     eax, 6A224ADDh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 9691DF98h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C8D5A03Dh
sub     eax, 2E251F50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4F02A028h
xor     eax, 86E481F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 69592BA3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 73F9E3FDh
sub     eax, 0EF08CDEDh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0E3384948h
add     eax, 0FCA01F53h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 778A7CE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0DD8A476Ah
xor     eax, 12D8A866h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 5046042Ch
add     eax, 6D528619h
sub     eax, 3B10A1BDh
xor     eax, 35270A8Fh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 786E80F2h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0CC12D351h
xor     eax, 0A834C1A0h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 27248EF5h
xor     eax, 0AFA02B8Dh
sub     eax, 83799293h
sub     eax, 484A6477h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 0AEFA3037h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 9E415213h
xor     eax, 0DDA5505Dh
sub     eax, 6EF50F66h
add     eax, 56437E2Bh
sub     eax, 0BDA3733Bh
sub     eax, 3EB5680Ch
xor     eax, 49218C84h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0D3C133A1h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0DF8B9CCEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0BA6D79A4h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 36F3FF9Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0BB30CC8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 74DF6D06h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 5C79C53Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B1C96DB7h
add     eax, 3A7EB6C7h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0D5F18015h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 68B0272Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0CD18BF75h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD5096D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 39F5B038h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 9E73A655h
sub     eax, 0B91CECD7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 71943F61h
sub     eax, 5DA25E5Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0E68B04ACh
sub     eax, 0FCE2F988h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 27ADE6B9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C87A7297h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 465F0EB0h
xor     eax, 35EEE511h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8B2C8518h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ECB31552h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0A7D76D4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 403B6F4Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 4D73F646h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0CCC84B50h
add     eax, 6279C0A0h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9CCE1438h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F8FA5B6Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0E1A1CC90h
not     eax
add     eax, 1C538F05h
sub     eax, 0B77EFB44h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C6604E00h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 6200E91Dh
add     eax, 0F38CABE1h
sub     eax, 90A5535Fh
add     eax, 0AED3A08Bh
xor     eax, 0AD5AF91Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 5A7D357Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0A5266993h
add     eax, 0CF251EABh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0C4B6800Ch
add     eax, 0EF992800h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 330C3E81h
xor     eax, 0FE1805B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CC7849C8h
add     eax, 687BFADEh
xor     eax, 559A6D82h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0A6E92518h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 37277B96h
sub     eax, 0B65CFFCDh
add     eax, 1027F690h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 3BA3B078h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2AF66E17h
sub     eax, 191FCA60h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 219F761Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 9854E5FBh
sub     eax, 0A2B42469h
sub     eax, 0B1B568D8h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A8EE9EADh
xor     eax, 0A2069CC4h
sub     eax, 9EF24973h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 27782079h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 1F0699C1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0A9828C6Dh
sub     eax, 10700957h
xor     eax, 0D6BE35FDh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D5812A78h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 0C7D6A4E5h
sub     eax, 37951EFDh
add     eax, 164F6D5Fh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 740FFEA0h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0CEA9C333h
xor     eax, 0B15F6694h
xor     eax, 7E0B3D13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 42475441h
xor     eax, 6D2C687Dh
xor     eax, 719ECC60h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0CA581FFFh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 97E8A621h
sub     eax, 8DE406A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A0DEA28Ch
add     eax, 0E19ACDC0h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AB178718h
xor     eax, 145F24B3h
xor     eax, 0F29A6A3Dh
add     eax, 1B607482h
xor     eax, 3380FB6Fh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 4BD3CC53h
add     eax, 0A8337825h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 62BE3470h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 370FCAA5h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0E81B1046h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 8DAA37CFh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0B8045A1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0FA89F740h
xor     eax, 1E93E7FCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 2D68F11Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9E901B5Bh
add     eax, 20587EC0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AD758FB6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0A23035E8h
sub     eax, 92FCF228h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FBB70BEBh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6DE96129h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 51D09350h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1F33F506h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5CBDDF1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 8E81FA26h
xor     eax, 31A8A28Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A2B0255h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 51C8E5F7h
add     eax, 5883E9B5h
add     eax, 426E36DBh
add     eax, 0CD9E3B83h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 519C49B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5449ED15h
sub     eax, 0D1E41C50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 96DA99AFh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0BBC74048h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 59BBAB98h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0E71A4F42h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E0469CC3h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C3D61A4Bh
xor     eax, 25521902h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0C12C755Fh
xor     eax, 82936A6Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 2A6F58A0h
add     eax, 511AFA91h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0D7AC20EBh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6B259823h
add     eax, 0EE9C084Bh
sub     eax, 51BADEF8h
add     eax, 0A9935D83h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1FC7709Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0F91CD9A8h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0D0F58AAFh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 3A26B608h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 75688E1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1D0FAD1Bh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 81767AFDh
xor     eax, 10763DC7h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 4AAAC72Eh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 16B71952h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C765ABFDh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 1416489Eh
xor     eax, 0D81AC568h
add     eax, 1888FFF2h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0B5265036h
xor     eax, 0AE03B244h
xor     eax, 20AAB781h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F160B260h
xor     eax, 77F65BFCh
add     eax, 0E0EF2754h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 61A3740Eh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 8F0EAD6Ch
sub     eax, 80D878E1h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0DC906B05h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 7DE773E4h
sub     eax, 0C3CFB8F6h
add     eax, 0CAD60D36h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 82B356EFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4220BCD1h
xor     eax, 0ED99F3DAh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 18C865A9h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5A29C23Bh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D28EB22Dh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 4BA59A38h
add     eax, 6620B2FBh
sub     eax, 623E4543h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0F44BF8D0h
add     eax, 24092732h
xor     eax, 28869F08h
xor     eax, 0ABDE2B74h
sub     eax, 64ECC886h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F9C10528h
xor     eax, 649E0347h
xor     eax, 0E842532Eh
sub     eax, 0DBD8F689h
sub     eax, 728438B3h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0F43F412Eh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 4662F9A3h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0B2737894h
sub     eax, 0EF6FCFB4h
sub     eax, 73CDFF3Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0AC47A806h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AA516997h
add     eax, 6B659A98h
add     eax, 6489F75Ch
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F245F6BBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 6785F756h
sub     eax, 71CF879Ch
sub     eax, 6D60B4B6h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0DF984289h
add     eax, 0FAF3770Ah
xor     eax, 7D607479h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F55DE3C2h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 51E1E26Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0BD662287h
add     eax, 0DB278C2Bh
add     eax, 63CD76BDh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0CAF90CEFh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 9A4F6396h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 75A5EFB2h
xor     eax, 0A0D72E0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 24DBFC7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 203E5122h
sub     eax, 0E4602ADBh
add     eax, 40B08681h
xor     eax, 930B9929h
xor     eax, 0C5504C51h
sub     eax, 12DBED3Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 81A3DCD8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 337BA08Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EB4E3F5Bh
sub     eax, 40967982h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 47689291h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 7039783Bh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0FCE8209Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 83032B05h
xor     eax, 0B57E93A5h
sub     eax, 0D178E833h
not     eax
sub     eax, 934D3CA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C169E88Eh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5FA9E7ADh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 44FE5FB6h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1BCC5750h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 496A26C1h
add     eax, 0A5C39B55h
add     eax, 75BB8F99h
add     eax, 2FE6BDA8h
add     eax, 98677571h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E82BA3F2h
add     eax, 2D7D7FEBh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CBC2E5FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0CCA11409h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 6137E987h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A56C6936h
xor     eax, 48597FBCh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0F6506DE0h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 76FF56D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6769D967h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 54BF705Eh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 50B13E7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 658A30E4h
xor     eax, 975D5529h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FBD4ADD4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 6560461Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 56C3E8DDh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E1DE2E34h
sub     eax, 0DE764AEAh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 2C7BCA5Eh
xor     eax, 0F8BAE35Fh
add     eax, 0C75B1C22h
xor     eax, 83F0FD30h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 12157F0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 47B9EDCCh
add     eax, 0AC5CACC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BA12D757h
xor     eax, 698FDE44h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 153715DDh
xor     eax, 777D6D16h
sub     eax, 8FC73EC4h
sub     eax, 0AEC75FC9h
not     eax
add     eax, 1C0574F7h
sub     eax, 29687829h
xor     eax, 4F656371h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9EFBC82Bh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 5806140Eh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0FD458266h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 6506DA77h
sub     eax, 0AB020439h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D9655F64h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 15C7FF4Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 68EE5C68h
xor     eax, 4BDD8051h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0A0D0ED06h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 412196FFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FEC1BF8Eh
sub     eax, 460AD08Ch
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 3600945Fh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0C6345854h
xor     eax, 8BE53DB7h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0B8975B82h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0DBB22F50h
add     eax, 83E85E60h
add     eax, 5CD3BF0Ah
xor     eax, 4A7CA25Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 995E4FDBh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 391EAA14h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B2C570DEh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 74EF6082h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 10F363F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 402D6607h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D009F022h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DA9CD3BAh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 572CAED1h
xor     eax, 0DD6CF2FDh
xor     eax, 0DC66C3E0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0B081972Eh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 91E03E75h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8A6E57EEh
sub     eax, 30364346h
xor     eax, 7FD6BEF7h
sub     eax, 9FB2245Bh
sub     eax, 0E78D6BC5h
add     eax, 0F06F2098h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 40C155F3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 6870DD45h
not     eax
add     eax, 97006261h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 84650AB3h
xor     eax, 0D736A776h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B32EFEE7h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 38A4923Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 88947291h
add     eax, 14C82ED7h
add     eax, 0EC9BC1D0h
xor     eax, 0B1EB88D8h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 9A0BC29Eh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E803646Fh
sub     eax, 768DDB2Bh
sub     eax, 0E1FD04C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1866BF9Ch
add     eax, 0FA8B81A3h
sub     eax, 4E2F6B24h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 631A4338h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BA9508F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D934C581h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 2BDEE7A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 73863531h
sub     eax, 2284009Eh
sub     eax, 0D0C8072Ah
add     eax, 7C3ADEF4h
sub     eax, 73C9D95Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 28DB43CCh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 36AE2043h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0B43D59DFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8CEADC08h
xor     eax, 0EA281B9Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 64CA8AFBh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 64A24300h
sub     eax, 0A5EAD61Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6509A89Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F3383356h
add     eax, 21AB9C69h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0BA8B5088h
add     eax, 4E9D1F9Ch
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 81F55E29h
xor     eax, 7C6AA6D1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 726D5444h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 42678790h
sub     eax, 1DFD0832h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D8EB52DFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7AED3DB6h
xor     eax, 16E3A51Bh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 73975518h
add     eax, 742C5476h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E8E50592h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0BFB7D2C2h
add     eax, 66F78F6Eh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 4446450Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 8D2EDE7Ch
xor     eax, 0CAE0C866h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 391EA287h
xor     eax, 154042CEh
sub     eax, 0D42F5EF9h
add     eax, 31F78E8Fh
xor     eax, 0E2803712h
xor     eax, 0AF260E5Fh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0E381989Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DE483B29h
sub     eax, 3A5D040Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0FBEE9EE5h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 97E677FBh
add     eax, 0BCF07BBAh
xor     eax, 0E01F14F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 10D01FB3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DAB269E0h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 862068ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B7CB89F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 27ABED62h
xor     eax, 0D09D1DCCh
xor     eax, 726560ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D6292BD3h
sub     eax, 0F604D943h
add     eax, 0D8E68FF9h
sub     eax, 0C793DA3Eh
xor     eax, 4D753C2Bh
sub     eax, 57F122D4h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0E355ABBCh
xor     eax, 0BDA35D1Ah
sub     eax, 0FBEB37AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 527D0BB8h
add     eax, 190E8F0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5F26CA39h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0F0897C1Eh
add     eax, 17549312h
sub     eax, 446FA56Dh
sub     eax, 56BE0DF7h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 5312EB9Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 991773EEh
not     eax
add     eax, 3BEA5CA8h
add     eax, 4D5A9923h
add     eax, 99B67A95h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 22C0B340h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 5F64EEF6h
add     eax, 7247D60Ah
sub     eax, 0E3D046AEh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 55DDD3C7h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F6318DBAh
add     eax, 0CBAAD1DAh
add     eax, 1E389236h
xor     eax, 46F8FB1Fh
sub     eax, 0E33C684Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E85FF23Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 642DB985h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0D45B0F20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5C7029A1h
sub     eax, 1413716Eh
xor     eax, 68E70D9Fh
xor     eax, 0B6EACD2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BD5B40D6h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 78E5611Ah
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 9BCA3650h
sub     eax, 4BD4DED4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5B3E936Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4152CF95h
xor     eax, 0D2FDFBF3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CF15D3AFh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 35DA6BD8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E8A3D830h
sub     eax, 0C5935706h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 7F96AFCCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3D969914h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 517C923Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0E96BB377h
sub     eax, 0A5F3A9CEh
xor     eax, 0FDBB81F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0D4456C0Dh
xor     eax, 13A82BE5h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 2FA3683Ah
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 1133D8ADh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 8E1F2DBCh
add     eax, 0ECEF824Bh
add     eax, 0FCAEB128h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 456DFEB5h
sub     eax, 0F16D1224h
xor     eax, 586182C8h
sub     eax, 9EFE02FFh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 5600FBDFh
sub     eax, 0A3DE8D82h
xor     eax, 9A78ECD7h
add     eax, 901677CFh
add     eax, 657AE609h
add     eax, 0F5564E3Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0F3411CD9h
xor     eax, 0B9245B73h
add     eax, 8C98F5BCh
xor     eax, 0CC37CD86h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D6D8CE11h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 6980C89Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 74F2DDD4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 1DFE509Ch
xor     eax, 0F31CA7E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 43C376D0h
add     eax, 0B2214193h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0E1FB7203h
not     eax
xor     eax, 60727754h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D8EB15BCh
add     eax, 8E946861h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3BBD293Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 109637E8h
add     eax, 8B5A65FFh
add     eax, 0ACE419B5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0DCA5AC7Ch
add     eax, 0FB960905h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0A48373A2h
xor     eax, 6F4520B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CBECFB71h
sub     eax, 0EDCB2686h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F2F91CD7h
add     eax, 0D625E2D4h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0C4428D55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D02799E4h
sub     eax, 0C177B559h
add     eax, 51D5524Dh
add     eax, 7A294865h
xor     eax, 85B75528h
xor     eax, 146944D0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 7373AA91h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DBB146EDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E33A05FDh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0DC5AF251h
xor     eax, 3A22A699h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA714D8Fh
xor     eax, 0C2F8D7C1h
add     eax, 0E9D2D473h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 30BFCA7Eh
add     eax, 0F95495EEh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0ED5E06BCh
not     eax
add     eax, 758D8203h
not     eax
add     eax, 9AB56C8Ch
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C3A80657h
add     eax, 0B21F3353h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0CB4FCFC5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0F7D3E2D0h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 83874696h
add     eax, 0FC04A3E0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 183ED779h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 175177CAh
xor     eax, 3CB1FBF1h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0A273F99Eh
xor     eax, 619CEC6Eh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0F938EE86h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3ABADA34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2463AAE0h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 91DF2201h
sub     eax, 723A063Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 791EC6BFh
xor     eax, 0D69263CFh
xor     eax, 0E8A4456Bh
sub     eax, 438BFF1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D5F13999h
add     eax, 9EE1C43Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 53542581h
add     eax, 923552CEh
add     eax, 27CA2F04h
add     eax, 7206ECADh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 512EC3A8h
xor     eax, 42606571h
xor     eax, 0C9332EC4h
xor     eax, 1E87BF2Dh
xor     eax, 79D6C589h
add     eax, 704B31D1h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BAF23334h
sub     eax, 0E012B72Ah
sub     eax, 600F779Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0CEB813BDh
xor     eax, 0FFEBDC1Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 93F2F79Eh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 7879B891h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0F7B853DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 10FC5C21h
sub     eax, 68668CFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 580F2DC3h
add     eax, 47E161ECh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 36912BC0h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 28A982D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D631867Dh
xor     eax, 9C1B163Ah
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0AD7855F5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E9C17B35h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C96DCC97h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 25B345EAh
xor     eax, 0AFEAA386h
xor     eax, 8F49673Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6E0C346Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BA4CF51Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 97C225F6h
add     eax, 5623DEADh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 477260DDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0D74D4157h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 25213ACDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 69CB2D4Ah
xor     eax, 0A97A7E77h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 9E6A554Ch
xor     eax, 60055E90h
xor     eax, 6B031CDAh
add     eax, 0F5F0630Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 44BAFDE3h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6AA1257Dh
sub     eax, 5C5A3FA1h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 19D190DCh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0D563D1FEh
xor     eax, 0E5336F16h
sub     eax, 862E8E27h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 36A8B1EDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0AB4C1C9Fh
add     eax, 7DF2E771h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7A876E04h
sub     eax, 2DADB8A8h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 968220D0h
add     eax, 0E670925Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A3E025E6h
xor     eax, 0AC283267h
add     eax, 4169D295h
sub     eax, 4524E24Dh
add     eax, 0ED6F592Eh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 162EF270h
add     eax, 0BAA9FB65h
xor     eax, 8CA491F5h
xor     eax, 0E92D5B95h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B31A36A6h
add     eax, 0DEAA7462h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F843D476h
xor     eax, 6572C445h
add     eax, 7649CD05h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C52F654Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 4470FDDBh
sub     eax, 7E33D1FAh
xor     eax, 5F5DCA22h
xor     eax, 59658325h
not     eax
add     eax, 35304360h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 2881458Ah
xor     eax, 0D4BF4293h
add     eax, 0FF2CAC11h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 4EBEED4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 1D8CDE28h
xor     eax, 5E61787Bh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0B40DC949h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FABFD902h
not     eax
add     eax, 7D9B9211h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 9D04D154h
add     eax, 0C5CA7F25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5317F1E0h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 19F86A7Ah
sub     eax, 0F653FB56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4E1CB6AAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 801FF053h
xor     eax, 62A2301Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 4F549D84h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 991868D7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E2C4CD32h
add     eax, 72E8A5F9h
sub     eax, 0F124D207h
sub     eax, 0C5B8DC2Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BF26196Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 77846C57h
sub     eax, 6F9733A3h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DE02727Fh
xor     eax, 72771E5Ah
xor     eax, 0B899273Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0EDFCFA83h
xor     eax, 0E848E77Dh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 2A768E59h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 41199BCFh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 8AFDB72Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A1AD02A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 329B0FD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 19D3DA4Dh
sub     eax, 0B6D56E5Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0B8C3FA2Eh
xor     eax, 87966E28h
add     eax, 7FF8A1C1h
xor     eax, 737CB884h
xor     eax, 90DA4A49h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A82C916Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 2936D179h
not     eax
add     eax, 22F6566Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2DA1A488h
xor     eax, 0AF6ECB13h
add     eax, 0AA4B3FF8h
add     eax, 95175B8Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 98FCC54Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ED6594A5h
sub     eax, 1174F217h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 5CE469B0h
xor     eax, 24B6D527h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 58D3434Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B5C041EEh
sub     eax, 658AA57Dh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 93852BEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FF017769h
xor     eax, 0C982C521h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 738E0248h
sub     eax, 0A0B020E2h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 5A9F7316h
add     eax, 0E9AD931Ah
xor     eax, 0D1F58339h
add     eax, 0F110AA27h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 5C601E71h
sub     eax, 0A02FE4B9h
add     eax, 0D3CAEE40h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 53AC0036h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 459745EDh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7EE1A86Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0BA2407CFh
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 1C8C8AE4h
sub     eax, 0BF738564h
xor     eax, 59064EB2h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 7B004955h
xor     eax, 8CDEF0C6h
xor     eax, 8D032BC7h
add     eax, 3AABC526h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 5EEB4DF8h
add     eax, 5F7BD4ABh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 8B233CF3h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0B12299C4h
add     eax, 84430626h
xor     eax, 9CFA7C83h
sub     eax, 0A8B6B9E7h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 25945E82h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D7B6153Fh
add     eax, 0BC9D4A03h
add     eax, 0A64BDF50h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B8FDEE6Ch
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0AAB13105h
xor     eax, 5F0740B6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 69DBD78Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0D8FC39B7h
xor     eax, 4A096273h
add     eax, 39187BA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2FF96859h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 8C710902h
sub     eax, 0FFF25FC2h
sub     eax, 0FBD76AFFh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AE502865h
sub     eax, 1B6F1914h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B7DD9FE0h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 56184FB8h
add     eax, 95E247E6h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0ED6D4C4Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 9DD1089Fh
add     eax, 4E5C290Ah
add     eax, 29B0997Ah
xor     eax, 7CFB012Ah
add     eax, 407E44D7h
add     eax, 756690B3h
sub     eax, 832D9364h
sub     eax, 0EDD81E3Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0ECCBF99Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7D1DC09Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CC1C9313h
sub     eax, 0E057CE7Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 22875543h
add     eax, 6B71C070h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C36C9A5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 1352872Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0FC666273h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0EBD273BAh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 283CB80Ch
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0A5A7A7F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 3B7B8D5Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0FB301994h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 809DB1B7h
add     eax, 94263BA8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D13BE507h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 766BADFFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5FCB4F38h
sub     eax, 771FA486h
xor     eax, 88388D9Eh
sub     eax, 0AF4A4C6Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16A8B562h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C7907B79h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 14DE3FC0h
sub     eax, 3C9D2C7Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F74EE89Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4ECB51ECh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 367DCDD5h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 435642C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 540985F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6C076706h
sub     eax, 8814CF49h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D4E930C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 6780FE57h
xor     eax, 5F644A84h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 8388928Eh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 89BDC5CBh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CADD75A9h
add     eax, 0B086A212h
add     eax, 61DF403Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 80124896h
add     eax, 25217062h
add     eax, 9CD83375h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DE571395h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 825ED25Dh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 5CF46A59h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 3A6E57B3h
add     eax, 1E047160h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0DB16F2A0h
xor     eax, 72CD4AD8h
xor     eax, 0D781BA3Ah
sub     eax, 137ABC3Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 6BB1973Bh
sub     eax, 0C72AE269h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B9B78EEDh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 3F010423h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 6551F9D4h
sub     eax, 5B707B7Ch
xor     eax, 55827FF4h
sub     eax, 84A46665h
sub     eax, 68BE5B49h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0EE85C5C7h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0D33F973Ah
sub     eax, 573813A3h
not     eax
add     eax, 9751862Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 1A354D4Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0B9BFDE60h
add     eax, 40B07C62h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0EE1494A4h
add     eax, 0F46561D1h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0BAC4541Eh
add     eax, 0E1207070h
add     eax, 7C604231h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 7E6B2097h
sub     eax, 9E033901h
xor     eax, 9652369Fh
sub     eax, 6A35EDBBh
sub     eax, 855544E9h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 8A2229EDh
xor     eax, 0D2F1A4B9h
sub     eax, 0DCB1CECBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 617351FBh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 8D334BE5h
xor     eax, 85E0C368h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6113D67Fh
sub     eax, 0C1C4C9C2h
sub     eax, 23AF7B17h
xor     eax, 0E16A3BF5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F2DC1553h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 2AA0467Ah
add     eax, 7ED1CF2Bh
xor     eax, 7ED74AD8h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 39233676h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 2093B6C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0CEAEC9FDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2BF8BEF5h
xor     eax, 28A141B3h
xor     eax, 0E909011Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B3021B16h
xor     eax, 2007EF11h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 33E99BD7h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9CB51EE5h
add     eax, 0C15FF53Ah
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 699FCA91h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 5E54376Eh
add     eax, 49C41B01h
sub     eax, 0C3F0D241h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E035ECCFh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 2F3290A1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BA09BB14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A48205Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 19EC55D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D14C5D11h
sub     eax, 44972841h
sub     eax, 0C42CA8E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 94231640h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C413B006h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 63DEA394h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0DE187477h
sub     eax, 631DAAB2h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 6E593916h
xor     eax, 30B7700Eh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0B3DD4942h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0F07646DDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FE126677h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 546FD0CAh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C4CF7B67h
add     eax, 0E185850Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 3CBE8F35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9EBCC845h
add     eax, 49C40858h
add     eax, 8F8D854Ch
xor     eax, 1F48C3C5h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 42A3C297h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 5A2B9A25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 2FD45F25h
not     eax
sub     eax, 896A8470h
add     eax, 3BF23C7Fh
add     eax, 0E7D3EB70h
xor     eax, 0ED0BC875h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6ED81C3Dh
add     eax, 5E76E8A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9D021DA0h
add     eax, 226D8CFDh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 5CA09719h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 9EA251BEh
sub     eax, 0EA486496h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CDBFF255h
xor     eax, 15902BB4h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C313D2F8h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 3D793DC3h
xor     eax, 0AE168213h
add     eax, 0E17A99ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EDDB30FAh
sub     eax, 20070109h
not     eax
sub     eax, 97DB1BBBh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 487D976Ah
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0C619BC9Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D06F4C2Ch
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0D0C75601h
sub     eax, 1AB5EF69h
sub     eax, 8BBB210Dh
add     eax, 59B5FF5Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 499740E0h
sub     eax, 95FAA9A9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5155B7B2h
xor     eax, 90339634h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 632BD116h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 968F4798h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 6389EF96h
xor     eax, 0B9DF5C0Ch
sub     eax, 0EB583A24h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C95A7628h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 698B275Ch
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0AE0EC890h
sub     eax, 0C198747Bh
xor     eax, 393F6B07h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5043E625h
sub     eax, 8B250953h
add     eax, 66EE53F2h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 40881A52h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 73B65DAFh
sub     eax, 3A870CDBh
sub     eax, 14A9AEBEh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 2F2BB583h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EF5C6D82h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FB35459Fh
add     eax, 545FC83Ah
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 18FA6F32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5EF3614Bh
add     eax, 810C83ADh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 41F9F9C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 73D1F701h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 733792FBh
xor     eax, 0B4F9B086h
add     eax, 896206CBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 7F176AD4h
xor     eax, 17E9DB54h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 8297BCE3h
xor     eax, 88AF1094h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B430A1BCh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 1C690B10h
xor     eax, 0AF871A39h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0D4AA8D17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 37B8DABEh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 94F698F2h
sub     eax, 0C53DBB38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A2043209h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 5E4E4FD5h
add     eax, 0F7C95F5Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 8AB5A086h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 5E1643EEh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 918754A7h
add     eax, 0D96483ACh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0E7212577h
sub     eax, 45E9388Eh
add     eax, 204971BAh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 68A81B17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 990599E4h
add     eax, 5AD9C8A3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CE6DAA8Bh
sub     eax, 44474F8Ah
sub     eax, 0AF4FACF4h
add     eax, 0D2E6EF2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 45E605C4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 86D098EFh
add     eax, 0ACB8A4B3h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AB18A47Fh
sub     eax, 7289297Fh
add     eax, 1C5C0880h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B87C55C7h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 89806AE9h
sub     eax, 875F43B4h
add     eax, 7B6603D7h
sub     eax, 0ABDC9E03h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 2647A3ABh
xor     eax, 4C4A5175h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0D8E14E9Ch
xor     eax, 59F1DAFCh
sub     eax, 0E3B55949h
add     eax, 578CD6F1h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 7244AFB7h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 1D4D2A37h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CDD83C38h
add     eax, 1684213Dh
sub     eax, 0D3EEA4B7h
sub     eax, 0EA3D5A9Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 2675F7A1h
xor     eax, 8ADBEB37h
xor     eax, 0B40BC0D7h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 9ECC0523h
add     eax, 0C959195Bh
sub     eax, 88ED0851h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5216E471h
sub     eax, 0DB89DA43h
add     eax, 0D830D9E7h
sub     eax, 0B73B7780h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 7F0BBA03h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 677C678Eh
xor     eax, 5B357200h
xor     eax, 96B33247h
xor     eax, 4A46CAF5h
sub     eax, 50B09230h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 56060821h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 9DABC6E2h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0C5FA3707h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0AFDF6ACCh
sub     eax, 3538C7CBh
sub     eax, 4CD47A79h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 36ACA1D7h
add     eax, 0E5C1CF91h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 57DD4767h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 211510F4h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 12D8E0DBh
sub     eax, 96639052h
sub     eax, 0FD60418Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 19094D2Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 680FED33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC73FEBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 982BFF68h
xor     eax, 816B6BEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EF04A4B5h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E8C304E6h
sub     eax, 0E12FAC12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7EC63FC9h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0C2D6208Eh
sub     eax, 213A36E1h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 64198978h
add     eax, 0BC8F310Ch
add     eax, 3B8D254Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C1FEE10Dh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 849A9C51h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C8EBBA1Dh
add     eax, 284530A2h
sub     eax, 820F20B0h
xor     eax, 529EBC2Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 321F3CA7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EC51FE69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0B97A9AAEh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0F6EC79CBh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0B6D6F765h
add     eax, 852284C7h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0F6D6ED15h
xor     eax, 42CA06A2h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 15BE3952h
add     eax, 4D0A852Ah
add     eax, 0C59C3D1Dh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ACE03175h
add     eax, 59E25E16h
add     eax, 3241187Eh
xor     eax, 1CB9E883h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0F9D6D2B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FE969004h
add     eax, 0E2A16CE5h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 5B75F745h
sub     eax, 7BBD6DA5h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 2E693FB7h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 26714F66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 776B6887h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 629683F8h
xor     eax, 3528F321h
xor     eax, 28C40DC3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AB6F295Ch
sub     eax, 91D6C880h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1E475871h
add     eax, 9CAB3994h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4C224B4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D4F42947h
add     eax, 0BC4A44B3h
sub     eax, 4F5527A9h
add     eax, 0F330B7FDh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0D6FF9820h
add     eax, 34A1223Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 262BB8ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 68BCBCF8h
sub     eax, 0E8C54A2Ch
sub     eax, 0D5EA05ECh
xor     eax, 7E18F9A9h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0D5377383h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0AF1FE4DFh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 505BE337h
xor     eax, 8DAC2858h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DD217318h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 6F3DD4CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1CD1D327h
sub     eax, 0FB518657h
add     eax, 11405E2Dh
xor     eax, 85C7A4A0h
xor     eax, 3F55107Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 25320A4Eh
add     eax, 697F5483h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8F5B52D4h
not     eax
add     eax, 45AEA098h
not     eax
add     eax, 4DF338B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 544BD383h
xor     eax, 77AAE6D8h
add     eax, 0B3158F0Fh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8024F776h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F96FD9C0h
add     eax, 0C4E4CE2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E3C81DA2h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 40C3D959h
add     eax, 0D33851E8h
add     eax, 0DB000EA3h
xor     eax, 0A5E228BFh
sub     eax, 6D2D8B72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9944F129h
sub     eax, 0A63FFE75h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F3B78DADh
add     eax, 0BE9363B3h
xor     eax, 493A44C1h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 98568080h
not     eax
xor     eax, 239991CDh
add     eax, 59D540FDh
add     eax, 0C5FF6267h
add     eax, 0A8A25882h
xor     eax, 78B1DEABh
sub     eax, 6FE6EEAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 38B4E87Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 9CB00F4Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 16EDD1DBh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0FA7E56AAh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0BAAD541Dh
xor     eax, 5AA6E994h
not     eax
add     eax, 49C0B2AFh
add     eax, 7558617Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A65D580Bh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5E74F679h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 1CD857E3h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0B74698A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DE34D7BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 30C882F2h
add     eax, 0FF29D5DCh
add     eax, 974C355Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0DBBE0B2Bh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 6F8D6468h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 7E59B544h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0D372BB7Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FFC3CD5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B1885777h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 85A5ED8Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 1DEC6520h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B2EF5E78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EC642259h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AC63310Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B78AB483h
add     eax, 3CAAE00Fh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 2BE55D36h
sub     eax, 0C44DB7C3h
xor     eax, 3793BBF6h
add     eax, 179C9398h
xor     eax, 6385C037h
sub     eax, 585E2C11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 4D2EBA6Ch
xor     eax, 841A37ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E782D72Eh
sub     eax, 92833A81h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 89589D92h
sub     eax, 415C80F5h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 64DA97C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6996B297h
sub     eax, 0C771D43Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 8D85DEFAh
add     eax, 93646542h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 28A2D3D8h
xor     eax, 0EF352954h
xor     eax, 0FBDA7FAAh
xor     eax, 0CDCA64F6h
xor     eax, 4CE7A2D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2B02E02Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 598C94B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 27728261h
xor     eax, 6B2994A6h
sub     eax, 73312148h
xor     eax, 1A28E8BBh
sub     eax, 3F949F28h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FDFE5E82h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 24510F9Fh
xor     eax, 5D694A1Ch
xor     eax, 0F492F0AEh
xor     eax, 7328A4ECh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0C3E3BDFAh
add     eax, 0D17B1BA8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C44719CDh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E2A44774h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2A53C45Bh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0CCAAE8E6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D9E7B40Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0F3EC22E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DC9EDDE1h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 8CE7A9C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 240BA62Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0DB61DC8Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 4156F92Ch
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 5AEB9B79h
xor     eax, 14F5E9FDh
add     eax, 123DE0CEh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CCF15AF8h
add     eax, 54403A82h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 90B63488h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C066909Eh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0B9A4E898h
add     eax, 38DA6330h
xor     eax, 639F19BAh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 15D4AF9Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 4132F703h
add     eax, 0F1F96462h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 7DD2BAE1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 15D2809Fh
add     eax, 7A65533Bh
add     eax, 4B790F52h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0CBE18DB1h
add     eax, 0AD6AC2B1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EC9C0DD9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 3C64D381h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0ACF057F8h
xor     eax, 40096024h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 93C0FF90h
xor     eax, 63502FB2h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0DF60A82Bh
add     eax, 465168CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 73F6E778h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 2455361Bh
xor     eax, 0A29A1A26h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0C1C639E8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D115F456h
add     eax, 832481B5h
add     eax, 48550FACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ADAA2C13h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 30152969h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8872B1B2h
sub     eax, 0AF8C2F50h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 85C8D6A6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0ACE66068h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D4105BC5h
xor     eax, 0DEC4A3ACh
add     eax, 0D484B66Bh
add     eax, 0A80E0D54h
xor     eax, 88026857h
add     eax, 9810385Dh
add     eax, 6C7950EAh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 617E071Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 172BC24Dh
xor     eax, 0A2899DEEh
sub     eax, 0ACF8A69Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 87871D7Ah
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F5188CCEh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 77882D71h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9AF10011h
sub     eax, 37842E07h
xor     eax, 45E21984h
add     eax, 7D4BCEBDh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FEF86E4Ch
add     eax, 6B3F7195h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7B1EA887h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 821C1625h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 4F142AF0h
add     eax, 2EC00680h
sub     eax, 0C171497Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C0EB4E89h
add     eax, 0B21069FFh
add     eax, 452ADD4Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 932FAC6Ch
xor     eax, 3EA376EFh
sub     eax, 8DF2BBE4h
add     eax, 0CD46B9FCh
sub     eax, 3DE45A5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AA303F16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BFA7DCA2h
not     eax
add     eax, 88929D2Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5909217Bh
add     eax, 96E23D01h
xor     eax, 0AE3D9761h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5A5579A0h
sub     eax, 7A4CB2CFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7611CA88h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F54B47CDh
sub     eax, 0DE71AC38h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0EED851D7h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 131A6AABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F908D250h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0EC07EC1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 99D21B8Ah
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0FB899490h
xor     eax, 0C679B8A7h
add     eax, 0D1161233h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8CE21745h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 91CAD8F4h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 66B05A7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 16BF4A57h
xor     eax, 3E7560CEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B003792Ah
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0EDCFF990h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 1E848494h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0C8F83595h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9D223D0Bh
add     eax, 0C8A283E2h
add     eax, 0E2F73BFEh
xor     eax, 8E7B2FC8h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 6F6DC1B5h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0FA897413h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 85D0A430h
sub     eax, 88E7285Ch
add     eax, 9105DA7Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 83BAC7EDh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 6C3F4CDCh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 8CC037A9h
sub     eax, 9A3F5A52h
sub     eax, 0E69985C0h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0AE844F89h
sub     eax, 13CF8F5Ah
sub     eax, 3A91084Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A391817Fh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 502A0F6Ch
xor     eax, 602AA06Ah
add     eax, 0AFB5FBF8h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 1928172Bh
xor     eax, 1DBBB19Fh
xor     eax, 8A08E813h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 27E7BAF4h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 937EDDC2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 1D6E2347h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 973B5DCAh
add     eax, 0EB0F53A4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 77C6EC54h
not     eax
add     eax, 17A8AA3Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 536F578Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 479E7A94h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 77F367A3h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EE66D6A1h
add     eax, 3AA39B0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 830A1925h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 25020831h
add     eax, 4B7173CAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 5ABF067Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0A835A20Eh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0CC0A7BA2h
sub     eax, 5E7B1549h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16F8985Dh
xor     eax, 0B088EBBCh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 2A77B80Ah
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 1FD3BAA7h
xor     eax, 0E029CE2Dh
sub     eax, 6284AAC6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1C43CB14h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 494AF42Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0EBE8127Ch
sub     eax, 1596C067h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B8B1F704h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F3B4F0C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 352E3796h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0B464121Fh
sub     eax, 0C4709BBFh
sub     eax, 0B53F089Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 42D64308h
xor     eax, 49B0EE4Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 578099ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 4EC7BBC6h
xor     eax, 4EC96ADEh
xor     eax, 217563DFh
sub     eax, 4D0D8EEAh
xor     eax, 0CD85119Bh
add     eax, 35C0F98Bh
add     eax, 0EDA57560h
add     eax, 3A256543h
sub     eax, 28F9ABDFh
sub     eax, 423FD6EAh
sub     eax, 758F1515h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C2441D3Eh
xor     eax, 0D038C140h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DF3634B5h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0D901573Fh
xor     eax, 277ABA2Ch
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0AF1B688Fh
xor     eax, 2EE7514Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C2C9DE13h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 85C23725h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3767084Eh
xor     eax, 0BDA9BC6Ch
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E2C1788Ch
xor     eax, 188049F6h
xor     eax, 5FB95DE2h
xor     eax, 109266B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0C86A5A54h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0DD2F1E2Eh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 4EAE9FBCh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FCBD5F4Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0B536194Bh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 8D06C5B9h
sub     eax, 0A05267AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2E2C097Eh
sub     eax, 4F31E9DEh
add     eax, 0D9C952F5h
sub     eax, 4C0C7C82h
sub     eax, 0A4FFBA3Bh
sub     eax, 0CE359977h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8E31BD76h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA5B7CA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9DAFB39Ah
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 41B7877Ch
sub     eax, 0B04C0190h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 3C88C269h
xor     eax, 0DEFD8AABh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 40C9ED58h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 2B246253h
add     eax, 0EF261E25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D1267428h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 52E83E17h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 5EE3EFC5h
add     eax, 0C0B1CF90h
add     eax, 447388ACh
xor     eax, 3F7F4B33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 55E291EDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0F98156D1h
xor     eax, 9A4C3BB9h
sub     eax, 1BD46DB5h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 4F3C7DD9h
add     eax, 0D2B0685Ch
add     eax, 26E0A0C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC998337h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 8D173DA5h
add     eax, 5F7ABDEEh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 6A92B6ACh
add     eax, 9B3C51A6h
sub     eax, 12AEE079h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DDE84EC6h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 1CF4A572h
add     eax, 627D6A0Ch
xor     eax, 0C0DF737Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 118C4FC6h
sub     eax, 6CE051B6h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 255DDB42h
sub     eax, 0ECB037B7h
add     eax, 67889D6Ah
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0BF44403Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 4A5A8D3Eh
add     eax, 52737AAEh
add     eax, 1C210580h
add     eax, 0D76A6980h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 58298B10h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 7FE4E9ACh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 776A76D5h
sub     eax, 0DBB93188h
xor     eax, 102A99C9h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1166FFAEh
add     eax, 589871D0h
add     eax, 77B5C5BBh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 2759F611h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 2C25A007h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BC15D66Ch
xor     eax, 3EFA2DF0h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 8B7D2CFDh
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0D6D2B089h
sub     eax, 0A79C408Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0B9AC3EF9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 22BA5D31h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0A1217051h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2E680469h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 433E8529h
xor     eax, 35A1AEB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC7ED18Dh
add     eax, 363C1DD2h
add     eax, 0E5CBB63Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 58E85908h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B45FD341h
add     eax, 0D3A5E31Bh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 74F88B2Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F7B6225Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0B42E9AF6h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 1CC1374Dh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 1E30C168h
xor     eax, 0F015C411h
sub     eax, 61E2BE41h
add     eax, 74EB5F41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F991282Dh
xor     eax, 0B419192Eh
xor     eax, 929F71ECh
sub     eax, 52EE0DAFh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CC6723EDh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0EB1C4334h
add     eax, 0BBA98CB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E2D67DB4h
sub     eax, 997DC204h
sub     eax, 79C9478Dh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0A90F204Ch
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A3705604h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0DEA9F9A3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 970CC667h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 12049E1Ah
sub     eax, 0FD5CD5CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6AA3D658h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 55F23290h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 9E845238h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4F7A1026h
xor     eax, 32753571h
xor     eax, 398FBEABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 998B6D58h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0B06A445Bh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 3A5EFE3Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A234CDEEh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3284022Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 118F102Eh
add     eax, 901FDB7Dh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0D3B60142h
not     eax
xor     eax, 35146CD9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 649CD4CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 87196677h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0F978C64Ah
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0BC2F6F86h
add     eax, 0C3C318CCh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 379E6CE0h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E5D640B7h
sub     eax, 0D0614110h
add     eax, 90936932h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0C4B81097h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8B8777B6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 6B332EBDh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 5EBA8BFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 134B4D9Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0F5AC446Dh
xor     eax, 6FFE86CDh
xor     eax, 0A1A47103h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 10499C6Ah
xor     eax, 0C8E8F14Dh
sub     eax, 4F43D44Eh
add     eax, 0B9D5F675h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2822C0F7h
add     eax, 0F9A7935Bh
sub     eax, 0B203542Fh
xor     eax, 0BF61B203h
xor     eax, 0B3BCF026h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 38A34AD0h
sub     eax, 0EAEF9CFCh
xor     eax, 0FF53BDEFh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 2CE1F11Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 46BC239Fh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0F4703133h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0BD42F243h
xor     eax, 78D5A435h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 34C0B480h
xor     eax, 0FA651B04h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 606AB6B7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD3E7E8Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0DCABADF2h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 88EDEED5h
add     eax, 19A2AD82h
add     eax, 0E95F3E72h
add     eax, 26BCDB44h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 6C8FFE59h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 13CFAF22h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 9EBD92EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 24EFE913h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 54CF7978h
add     eax, 5CF6CE9Dh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 62E5E1CFh
xor     eax, 0FFADF545h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0B46B573Eh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 51D12AD0h
sub     eax, 64EAF035h
sub     eax, 46F7B3A6h
add     eax, 0E1E398ACh
add     eax, 35DE33FFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8E1CB676h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 91E19661h
add     eax, 4C2123E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 9A08DC2Bh
sub     eax, 93B7C2DEh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 93EE715Ah
sub     eax, 0B5D4A5F2h
sub     eax, 0E9C42CF5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2B766535h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EF6C84B6h
sub     eax, 0CB0CEAA8h
add     eax, 55D29C32h
xor     eax, 0B38F59ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D7AA6D37h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 943D4142h
xor     eax, 4C86568Fh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0A4ABF72Ah
sub     eax, 7AA42F77h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 9F83EC94h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 8495B82Bh
xor     eax, 18F8411Dh
xor     eax, 0D3C317F7h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 70CC8C6Bh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 3921A5AFh
sub     eax, 2DC674F0h
xor     eax, 562777FCh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 353D2F5Ch
xor     eax, 8297C9EBh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 650B98BDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1F2D85D0h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D2B3FFDDh
sub     eax, 14B09C9Eh
sub     eax, 0A48D28A6h
add     eax, 751DE22Dh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0FDB09280h
sub     eax, 866D532Fh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 74C92BA4h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D3EB8459h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 8D0158B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0F46111C6h
add     eax, 0C0379B55h
sub     eax, 5317B767h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0FD592380h
add     eax, 30DE4DB9h
xor     eax, 0CA39B8B2h
xor     eax, 0DDAC6440h
not     eax
add     eax, 329E0FFAh
xor     eax, 521522DFh
xor     eax, 9E414CE5h
add     eax, 9DFA61D0h
xor     eax, 0F4B183E5h
xor     eax, 0B0F24176h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0EC4328DAh
xor     eax, 0EA362ABDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 809F6F7Ah
sub     eax, 2F0ED6DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 8CC06F34h
sub     eax, 0F5C4D5E3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4AA3A488h
xor     eax, 1BBB9A5Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 6D084CDDh
add     eax, 20EF256Fh
xor     eax, 4464325Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0E11CCE33h
sub     eax, 7CDC3B66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 28C43E92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 82B17577h
xor     eax, 0F56CE256h
not     eax
xor     eax, 127D0632h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9E79C568h
xor     eax, 0F9DEEFE2h
add     eax, 12DE7207h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 32EB9D44h
sub     eax, 0D35F21A0h
add     eax, 911F11B8h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D79EC3E6h
sub     eax, 785EEAB7h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 8AC2E4B3h
sub     eax, 0DEC12BC2h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 7E08411Dh
add     eax, 58873638h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0E1C43805h
xor     eax, 0BAA41D5Fh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 384120B5h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C63FF492h
sub     eax, 0BC99F34Eh
sub     eax, 77935C26h
xor     eax, 0A15B735Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BB6185EEh
add     eax, 0AD4E7854h
sub     eax, 3234605Fh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 41BEA727h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 4D8E3464h
xor     eax, 1E1E0988h
add     eax, 46B6B91Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 45F087E3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 7BBF6F67h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F6235106h
add     eax, 0D336D8E4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C657B109h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0D0493D04h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CFEE12C2h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 5B3464AEh
sub     eax, 22CF00E6h
add     eax, 4BAAD088h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4E22DC42h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 60BA00F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 17BA1295h
xor     eax, 0D8D4663Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 918E1FC9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4B849DE2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4C7E448Ah
add     eax, 0C650BC27h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 49E7D657h
sub     eax, 0BFAF5C7Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0F6BA6892h
add     eax, 4F4DCE31h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 415C9C42h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 5CB1CCA1h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 66E06F3Ch
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 23B95FF3h
xor     eax, 0A44695CDh
add     eax, 784B041Dh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 2AE7DEE3h
sub     eax, 0A67AE19Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 4243C033h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BF9AD97Dh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 74FCC7B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D67035E8h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF192BF7h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 15E019CCh
xor     eax, 6C8E99A0h
xor     eax, 0C60CC4BDh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E0CB7875h
add     eax, 0A8A4ADA5h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0B126DBF5h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0AE64D149h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0A8871681h
add     eax, 8A3BE94Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0E68F8314h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F8017816h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2B46EEB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FFCFD8CFh
sub     eax, 42F31A7Eh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D9DDE98Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 57F49FB4h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 190957B9h
sub     eax, 555D95D3h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 2C9109A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6BE62445h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0EC3BA2A9h
xor     eax, 36233FADh
add     eax, 85002031h
not     eax
add     eax, 1EA39E19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C92322FEh
xor     eax, 0EEA9EE11h
xor     eax, 0DEC90C2Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E3C62571h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A3F99268h
add     eax, 94544806h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B646E54Ch
sub     eax, 77F7CB90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0AA56BCBFh
add     eax, 0BEFB43B2h
add     eax, 51F75636h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 263AE0A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 42F02294h
xor     eax, 29FA938Ah
xor     eax, 0B0020BE3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D48A35D1h
add     eax, 94542A68h
xor     eax, 0D6314F31h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 7CDBA60Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4CAAD56Eh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0F9C0D319h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 7DE36064h
xor     eax, 8CF10B67h
xor     eax, 93BD3248h
add     eax, 8EC84444h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 53D3C2FCh
xor     eax, 744B32A1h
sub     eax, 20062F0Dh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A1697ECAh
add     eax, 0E8E16E1Ah
sub     eax, 47345980h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D725FA55h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0F31FF249h
xor     eax, 0BB672301h
xor     eax, 6116B9EFh
sub     eax, 41285848h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9D794ECFh
xor     eax, 0D827154Fh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0E318491Bh
xor     eax, 26B615B1h
xor     eax, 7EC0903Dh
sub     eax, 0EF94B347h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0B876371Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0ED8D7C20h
sub     eax, 0D440E7DCh
xor     eax, 68944ED4h
add     eax, 9CB0F0DAh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 19B44D1Ah
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F59C46B4h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0D0C0A729h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F2F4950Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9EA1BF9Eh
xor     eax, 5CE0197Eh
sub     eax, 0BF5FA533h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D66009E0h
add     eax, 0E1B3B6BFh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 2143CA61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C8F5FA14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 896359BAh
add     eax, 7998C8C1h
add     eax, 0AEBBF427h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 7285C332h
add     eax, 2DD3200Fh
sub     eax, 48FBA887h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3C90AA27h
add     eax, 376BD8E4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5375C13Eh
sub     eax, 83DF852Dh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 8F9609A8h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0A332B489h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 62E9EC05h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AC62D97Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 8FC8AD7Ch
add     eax, 0D129683Fh
add     eax, 39E076FDh
sub     eax, 51B2FF2Dh
add     eax, 0B833BD92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9EA68721h
sub     eax, 5D21F0C1h
xor     eax, 66F3A682h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5BE4906Ch
sub     eax, 55E5BF7Bh
add     eax, 8991544Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 2F73CA39h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 21588F9Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C4E3B6E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 93D07E18h
sub     eax, 0B5D98AAEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 40A473C7h
sub     eax, 0C6C38454h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ACA94633h
add     eax, 89ADB2DDh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0A75143EEh
add     eax, 0D3B5FB8Fh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0FB5EC86Ch
sub     eax, 138B1845h
add     eax, 0C58707CDh
sub     eax, 0BDA0BAA8h
xor     eax, 0AD3ACE9Ch
xor     eax, 6BA0534Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 805438E9h
sub     eax, 0E1225337h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6342FA0Fh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 2ADD34D0h
add     eax, 0E206D291h
sub     eax, 0C0491AEAh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 57E551DBh
xor     eax, 7A0AA037h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 2D7AF246h
sub     eax, 0C30DC454h
add     eax, 0A62E2FB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BC90F550h
add     eax, 0CEE5F0E0h
sub     eax, 9A6278F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1A1F00B2h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 13468033h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0E0A2C5A9h
sub     eax, 7CA58DEEh
sub     eax, 3CD25F7Ah
xor     eax, 0CC6B366Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 862ADF2Ah
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 8D283556h
sub     eax, 1A4D8330h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E5CB0A94h
sub     eax, 1FA76EE8h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 115C1638h
xor     eax, 7F58E7E4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 5911B85Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 7591505Eh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 98C1D28Eh
sub     eax, 5E6F6035h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 91766585h
sub     eax, 3504E697h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 1BE8F63Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 1B9F0F17h
sub     eax, 8AEC3684h
add     eax, 73337A39h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 98C48390h
sub     eax, 78153ACBh
sub     eax, 6F8A3AB1h
add     eax, 3623D09Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 30F946D3h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3E845FA7h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 957452B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 1CBC345Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0C336158Eh
xor     eax, 190664E1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 5013F9C8h
sub     eax, 2483208Ah
add     eax, 0CC9C09FFh
sub     eax, 0E0DB2B26h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0A42DF7CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0DD094E6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 23AE5542h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 438D14D0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 83517EC5h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0BEC3F1E2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F63C3FCDh
add     eax, 30A8387Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 18EA41B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A4D22B8Eh
add     eax, 8CACA168h
add     eax, 2BFD5093h
add     eax, 0E3524D7Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 8B0F2FF6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 54D3CCF2h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 6333B508h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 345D8B04h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0AD37FFDFh
add     eax, 0CDBCD907h
xor     eax, 964FA5F6h
add     eax, 5A445147h
add     eax, 9552D6CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0FB5D8EE6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 563AB1C7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 996F3728h
sub     eax, 0CBD828B3h
add     eax, 9D628495h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0F5FE97F7h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F93B64E3h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0B5A6AED8h
sub     eax, 80D24BCCh
sub     eax, 0FD1B34E6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AD514E44h
add     eax, 0B4EC6EACh
xor     eax, 0EA6E78ADh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0E4490BD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DDFD131Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DD525233h
sub     eax, 0D14807FBh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 6B50457Dh
xor     eax, 0A5BD652Ah
sub     eax, 0A6A1270Ah
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 9CDCA4FAh
sub     eax, 60320EB2h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 39F15553h
add     eax, 79E8F73Fh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0CA40FE0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0A25D90ABh
xor     eax, 208738FEh
add     eax, 0F3836885h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 3945AD1Fh
add     eax, 0DA13D21Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0FD30154Ch
add     eax, 0BDCDB7E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 64831238h
xor     eax, 92BA246Dh
add     eax, 0CBAB766Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0EF375939h
xor     eax, 4657FED0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 710FD664h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 36C0BB02h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 66D4CD37h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0FDE2408Ch
sub     eax, 3C450971h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 9AB92423h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FC2B1B1Dh
xor     eax, 857FDD25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C31ECF6Eh
sub     eax, 8B7D6DC1h
add     eax, 0BA331C71h
xor     eax, 0C7B70800h
xor     eax, 10ED4062h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F4ECF820h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 7D2336ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 834C0683h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0AA3806F3h
xor     eax, 255C48B8h
xor     eax, 0FB194AC2h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0D970B115h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 11C6C225h
sub     eax, 1267082Ah
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 393F4745h
add     eax, 9731876Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 647508F9h
sub     eax, 70728735h
xor     eax, 5D3D84E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F4B395B0h
xor     eax, 874F4BFBh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0B831B706h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0F78CD7BFh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A439BC19h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D66E58FEh
sub     eax, 0C917997Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0A39C138Bh
xor     eax, 0E36474D8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8AF40728h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B9544144h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0BC7BCAF0h
sub     eax, 3EDD17B8h
xor     eax, 519AD276h
add     eax, 0DE9F534Dh
add     eax, 0A49E6546h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0EAFC4D83h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 582C2BD9h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 4F2FF173h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 76A96C05h
sub     eax, 177E829Dh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 917B193Bh
xor     eax, 0B8993A14h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 298841B4h
sub     eax, 5A5C8062h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0D799AB7Ch
xor     eax, 0B5531728h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F7D99E0Bh
add     eax, 0CC65F00Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7373FF44h
sub     eax, 4AA81A10h
xor     eax, 17471A23h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8AB6A80Ch
xor     eax, 0ACB8AE1Fh
xor     eax, 0E940598Ch
add     eax, 4DF93234h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0F61A129Ah
add     eax, 314037B3h
sub     eax, 0AEAFFAABh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 74A0E0B0h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 608F55A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AADE546Ah
add     eax, 61056AC4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 435C9D6Fh
sub     eax, 7910F988h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 48D74F47h
xor     eax, 6219F231h
xor     eax, 0E6124783h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3825D196h
xor     eax, 0A12EE0A0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 88B3AF6Ah
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0E85C2169h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1F160403h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4988A04Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3DBAD6B7h
not     eax
add     eax, 8F703356h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 819468D6h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 94A2CAE6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 9B3A1CC6h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 3BD2A9F0h
add     eax, 0CD1138BBh
xor     eax, 7C939C37h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 6A977E0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B478F245h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0D9CDB750h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7A47498Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 75152BE6h
xor     eax, 7221E915h
add     eax, 9EE1BDFEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD6ECCD0h
add     eax, 109EBEF5h
xor     eax, 689E91E8h
add     eax, 0B15AF5FDh
xor     eax, 0A806B992h
not     eax
sub     eax, 97361DF3h
xor     eax, 31440957h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0B0D8D05Eh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0B123F94Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 4B80F92Fh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 26344D63h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0A39A042Bh
xor     eax, 69F70D5Fh
xor     eax, 54825D2Eh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 36269E13h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0A4B05C0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CF82CDCFh
sub     eax, 31188CD1h
xor     eax, 0CEF9B0AFh
add     eax, 0F141A14Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F47716E5h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0EF674962h
sub     eax, 0C854A37Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0A8645A39h
xor     eax, 24E70DCAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CDCB9DC6h
sub     eax, 0D35AFE40h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A3130231h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2E0400E9h
add     eax, 0A4107D72h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 53B4B978h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0D000FB77h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0FE863989h
xor     eax, 0BE7A8DD4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F3C91FB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5E21AA3Eh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 284A5008h
sub     eax, 1D8DD303h
add     eax, 50D2B6B6h
xor     eax, 7EC47C84h
sub     eax, 0EFF0ADEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F0E0B19Ch
xor     eax, 2E816B1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 66065E50h
xor     eax, 0E54E61C0h
sub     eax, 94B02E9Bh
add     eax, 7C6D2197h
not     eax
sub     eax, 65550455h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6696AAB6h
add     eax, 0F7E189EFh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0ABB1F0CAh
sub     eax, 0ED511506h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0AEF759FDh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 739DAFE7h
xor     eax, 83F401EAh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 2AC14CC9h
add     eax, 7F88CC6Fh
xor     eax, 9AC773EDh
xor     eax, 6C5E1C2Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 9A0A3C7Ah
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 39CAAFBAh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 25BFCCFDh
add     eax, 7DBE9615h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 7F5CB985h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F787F1B4h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0B6C442C4h
xor     eax, 2949890Eh
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0DF904601h
xor     eax, 10205EB7h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 8DC5D52Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0B7ED6FDBh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 45AE1E98h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1A9A398Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0BA6701C7h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0EA49EB79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2FF234CAh
add     eax, 31589538h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0D4359F30h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 22B5D5EDh
add     eax, 8BD90482h
xor     eax, 1DCFD1A6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0F1480750h
not     eax
add     eax, 84B10794h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0A0B0AF02h
xor     eax, 84D27751h
xor     eax, 49A56EAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 26144022h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0CA8A71A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 71BA60C1h
xor     eax, 0F975655Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D571DDDFh
add     eax, 506B7D0Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 46599A43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2A9E3368h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 2AFD2D01h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D8EEC08Bh
add     eax, 58AF09F1h
sub     eax, 0A558E77Dh
sub     eax, 0CF7C7509h
add     eax, 2432F0F9h
add     eax, 0C191CA2Ch
add     eax, 4FB727F4h
xor     eax, 0E3051064h
not     eax
add     eax, 1E1958B3h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 182256A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 26ADB01Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8A9789B4h
xor     eax, 0F13F3FF2h
xor     eax, 9B50BB1Ah
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 8D234726h
add     eax, 0AFEA8C1Eh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 35CED04Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9916637Eh
sub     eax, 9E398B9Eh
sub     eax, 881641CAh
sub     eax, 5A5AA829h
add     eax, 856D72F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 97719058h
add     eax, 0E4D686A0h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0D957FD88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 469D76BAh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 6223B916h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 6146231Dh
sub     eax, 0F800600Ah
xor     eax, 809D9386h
add     eax, 82D38475h
sub     eax, 0C324C7EFh
add     eax, 463E45AFh
add     eax, 25DD50D9h
sub     eax, 293AB878h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4EEFD210h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0E0EAC1B0h
add     eax, 825AF8C2h
sub     eax, 0D85E742Ch
add     eax, 7D5B07CBh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 60ECDBDFh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 47A1A0B4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 902BC3F0h
sub     eax, 0D0FDE4C3h
sub     eax, 0D092699Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4D58B3C6h
add     eax, 0A026B52Fh
add     eax, 86179B35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1CD17C4Fh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0D92AC9AAh
sub     eax, 0E2775D31h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 3F016611h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B7484D18h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0C4C97048h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D7498AEDh
xor     eax, 0B8BE8CE0h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CB9730ECh
not     eax
add     eax, 1AFA471Dh
add     eax, 870C9A5Ch
add     eax, 0E95D67BEh
xor     eax, 6AD33D9Ch
sub     eax, 96472058h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5F718593h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 77AE84B4h
xor     eax, 0F8134EB6h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 44A1448Ah
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0E58C9C23h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BBAFB60Bh
add     eax, 0B4DD7014h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AFC9F820h
add     eax, 0DC47CAA7h
sub     eax, 94DA239Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 72B5381Eh
add     eax, 0C7973A3Bh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0E8456B0Dh
xor     eax, 47E9C003h
add     eax, 873C1D4Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 7A77E012h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 8E7B638Dh
xor     eax, 0AA148F8Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6DEC6698h
add     eax, 2EDB2D74h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 62FDDFE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0A9548644h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 3651C907h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0D0CDB5C9h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0E3941224h
add     eax, 0F01EB2B2h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 86C61D30h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B10C34B2h
add     eax, 6A7E1A3Fh
sub     eax, 124E4E6Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 5E35A928h
add     eax, 1C600E06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 235D7D69h
xor     eax, 0E7AA3FDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 5DF3BBFAh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 8BD5C8A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3C8B2A01h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3AF04F87h
add     eax, 0A8E797D3h
add     eax, 9127835Fh
sub     eax, 44695C4Dh
sub     eax, 24213234h
add     eax, 5720F90Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 2C303C8Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C816A902h
sub     eax, 0DD917311h
sub     eax, 5D3DB161h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9FDC1753h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 23F295CCh
not     eax
add     eax, 2021EB50h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 1AF455BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F53283E3h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0B58169ECh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0FB4A360Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 78F1ED6Ch
sub     eax, 9DF03DD6h
add     eax, 7B82CEFCh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 3664CFCAh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 9FFC652Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 549AC502h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 98FDD78Dh
sub     eax, 7704B105h
sub     eax, 0F3B550C4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 450653E2h
xor     eax, 91A042C5h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F01938C4h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1875DF2Bh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 23C0A7CFh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C708B2D9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 171B3F3Dh
xor     eax, 0E1A1F542h
sub     eax, 2D9AE66Bh
xor     eax, 0F5F6DBD1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 259098E0h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 95D5A0E0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 9D723E2Ch
xor     eax, 0ECEC2926h
xor     eax, 8620FF73h
add     eax, 5A413435h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EE712F9Bh
xor     eax, 0F621D2BFh
xor     eax, 2BE6C82Ah
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0E18E713Ch
sub     eax, 0D272E2A9h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 116F4E9Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0D7F8E072h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 34852F49h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B1648373h
sub     eax, 4161427Ah
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 599D557Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FD279DE6h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A492B28Ah
add     eax, 6DA5ACB0h
sub     eax, 46F5F685h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 32094FB1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1674D956h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4F9ACD94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8E160CA0h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 93DFD01Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9F5AB07Dh
add     eax, 5885FB94h
xor     eax, 1DFB8733h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 9BD4B1F4h
add     eax, 0BF4B3710h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1D275171h
sub     eax, 4D9BA14Bh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 9BBC18D7h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 375EF209h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0F6EB3FF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 4E0B0349h
xor     eax, 81EE9758h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0EF9BCF7Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 9E6C6222h
add     eax, 835696D6h
sub     eax, 0F1263925h
xor     eax, 42D64C2Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 6AE535D7h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9CE197EDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B977F64Ch
xor     eax, 7CFCAE33h
add     eax, 255F21FDh
sub     eax, 0A8C59CD0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 46279D55h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9DA4CF0Ch
add     eax, 4A4E993Ah
xor     eax, 7C701EB2h
add     eax, 2DE2245Ch
sub     eax, 880A4217h
add     eax, 0B5F5EA1Ch
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 12C1D376h
add     eax, 39D045B2h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 524DE37Dh
add     eax, 0A177A41Fh
add     eax, 0A34FF40Fh
add     eax, 6A284003h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4F9A6482h
add     eax, 7E088753h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6AD08FC5h
sub     eax, 1CDCB216h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 3FDBEB10h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0F855F6EFh
sub     eax, 1B4ED527h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0EB4BC67Bh
add     eax, 32354978h
xor     eax, 7895B366h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 5DAD8A36h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0F3E88A20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 47014B1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F6F23D4Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0BFBDCE79h
sub     eax, 23D7339Ah
sub     eax, 56128715h
add     eax, 0C545BB0Fh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F6D72124h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 4AFE3B2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 771A27C0h
add     eax, 6AC1FA7Ch
xor     eax, 0FBB15F8Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 26B9B891h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 804D0AECh
sub     eax, 639D6435h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BF49AF83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D5E6E3A0h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 7C3E603Ch
xor     eax, 97218BE0h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0EC18C415h
sub     eax, 0A416D314h
sub     eax, 14A680E2h
xor     eax, 0BCA936A2h
xor     eax, 631E9D8Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 52A67D61h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 43B0A302h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 4482DF6Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 47D10959h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 356E24F7h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 4A139DF3h
xor     eax, 262557D8h
add     eax, 43210742h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 847B5F4Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 851F8C77h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B765A2C5h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 15FF1945h
sub     eax, 7454F6DAh
xor     eax, 48B6A77Fh
add     eax, 4A693E1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0E9580FB9h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 7AC20556h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0FB0302C7h
xor     eax, 38C8985Ch
sub     eax, 0BA9CE254h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 107EEC10h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 312141E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E530A4ADh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1C7712ACh
xor     eax, 6D3ECCF1h
sub     eax, 7A38D577h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0B16A293Ah
xor     eax, 0A666EFCDh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 398B983Eh
sub     eax, 0BD77470Bh
sub     eax, 0C9BABAC7h
xor     eax, 2E04B3EBh
xor     eax, 0B0B17034h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4FD5CE9Fh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 13DE2BF2h
add     eax, 7B5CD0A4h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 486BB2A6h
add     eax, 0DB4A2A86h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0F23CDA24h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FE3D66F9h
sub     eax, 968893B2h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 97E49A22h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 14547C30h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 189F86CBh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A546F009h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 3056D871h
xor     eax, 869A6B49h
xor     eax, 459B7F41h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 20559D1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 4C2FBB8Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 10BD6B90h
add     eax, 32E00CF5h
add     eax, 0BE001FBCh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 18495903h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 3320AB37h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1F31E930h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C22EF2FAh
xor     eax, 925E0FF0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D0AB0749h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FDD3548Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3A5F419Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4041D2ADh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 2A995328h
sub     eax, 0FAC76D06h
sub     eax, 0A21CB416h
add     eax, 311E70E2h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 3AA30828h
add     eax, 0EEE052B8h
xor     eax, 0AD58B361h
add     eax, 2F6EF48Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 741062BCh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 59D5EBFFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 54CFB970h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0C86D9FEFh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 49B72E5Ah
xor     eax, 8B91C269h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5C6A3C6Fh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AFCED7EFh
sub     eax, 0BC35E744h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 73320060h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 734230B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 4EAAAE17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C942563Ah
sub     eax, 93283617h
add     eax, 440E20A7h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AD283C04h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 64EF831Ah
xor     eax, 0CEE40C9Eh
add     eax, 1A97A373h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 8BBC00F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4422AAA8h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 14835ABFh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4C7BD230h
xor     eax, 0CA1E52ABh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 1D9F1A97h
sub     eax, 0AB0ABFFEh
xor     eax, 0D71EC754h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0E03F0BD2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 13C3FE76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9A049C70h
not     eax
xor     eax, 72DE18A9h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 896315FAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 83FC96BCh
xor     eax, 7C18CF2Eh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0EFE6A04Bh
add     eax, 79AA5345h
sub     eax, 374FB7F1h
add     eax, 0E3AFCB17h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0D2F57CC8h
xor     eax, 25585D9Fh
xor     eax, 86D62FEFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA76968Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E93BC7C7h
sub     eax, 59E6FFE4h
xor     eax, 0EC4A93D9h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 3A2966D6h
xor     eax, 8A42E7CEh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 2F9F19CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0BCD8B28Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 59E5A98Bh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 6C9F63EFh
xor     eax, 7B86C2C0h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F707928Eh
xor     eax, 7DAC9070h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 62E8DC68h
add     eax, 0F5CD9DAAh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0FD71AD0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B7A1FF2Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 17F8DC99h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F5F884D6h
xor     eax, 69873F2Dh
add     eax, 86DC18BFh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 82F71309h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 2964109Ah
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 59F4AB20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2E61444Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 328A67E9h
sub     eax, 0A1824841h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 8D162C10h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F83775ACh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 5ECEAA45h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 1ACB9011h
not     eax
add     eax, 9BBF6DE3h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 4E2369FAh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0C0B6150Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 4C3BFF83h
add     eax, 42F7261Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0F72AD4C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0BC916A26h
add     eax, 405BFD06h
sub     eax, 0C896D312h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CEF349DEh
add     eax, 25538B61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BE5345C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2EEFB921h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 49F4FC5Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 63F4784Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B6BE4329h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D3452C5Ah
sub     eax, 7F345723h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0BA975639h
xor     eax, 76E695D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 39EEC0B3h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 92B34916h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5110005Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6377A3F2h
xor     eax, 76908E28h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 7B831D8Bh
xor     eax, 0C8382D42h
add     eax, 4EF15199h
add     eax, 81E4EED2h
xor     eax, 7C7671D5h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 8B02F3FAh
xor     eax, 46E79741h
sub     eax, 0D10AF576h
xor     eax, 442C4C92h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2B38F564h
sub     eax, 0D42F7E13h
sub     eax, 97667B12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0D09CDAA4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0B7104DDEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0E3A008B3h
add     eax, 32C79314h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 50CCC10Dh
add     eax, 21BE2A52h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AB7545F5h
add     eax, 0C8757CBEh
sub     eax, 0B37915D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 82A41E07h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 69009BD0h
add     eax, 774FD1CCh
sub     eax, 773C3B6Eh
sub     eax, 21941813h
add     eax, 0E6449EF9h
sub     eax, 0E368D157h
xor     eax, 6B754DB1h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0C5830690h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 593724FBh
xor     eax, 0DA585A80h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 57B34E21h
sub     eax, 1B25E3D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0EEBF002Fh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A33E2988h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D601D4A6h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 73F47B75h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0E454E2BBh
add     eax, 0B19CD825h
add     eax, 0FE62E81Ch
sub     eax, 0A529BA69h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 4FFC3BB8h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 6D9089DCh
sub     eax, 0B5F327BEh
add     eax, 8314C946h
not     eax
add     eax, 6BD65737h
sub     eax, 10663616h
not     eax
add     eax, 84A2B5A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E0E66CC9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7012033Dh
sub     eax, 831A2783h
xor     eax, 74CF026Eh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BEA1B33Ah
add     eax, 4122D4EEh
sub     eax, 8935CB88h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 50298CCFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A4621BBBh
sub     eax, 42D5C56Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D1098289h
sub     eax, 0A28D085Fh
sub     eax, 0F431F6F4h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 34172AF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CC221A0Eh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0CE05E0ECh
sub     eax, 0C7D210D2h
add     eax, 1CC1FD63h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0B2785046h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D0B2BDEAh
add     eax, 0BD1442B1h
not     eax
add     eax, 72E55D29h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0E5A583E1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 86161D0Eh
sub     eax, 0D673FEB2h
not     eax
add     eax, 7E4EBBABh
sub     eax, 0A9705E19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2B39BB01h
xor     eax, 3433BE0Ah
sub     eax, 0FE8DE16Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A63B4B63h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 8C86A365h
xor     eax, 70C48AC0h
sub     eax, 0D41F6521h
add     eax, 5DA63C5Bh
add     eax, 0C8E728B2h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 7A6FFFB0h
xor     eax, 7E83CC4Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 17751EE2h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 5FB78322h
xor     eax, 0D81B021Fh
xor     eax, 72FE9773h
xor     eax, 81AD34CEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7EDECB42h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 7A510388h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A5560CC8h
sub     eax, 0A5182BB5h
xor     eax, 2E428888h
add     eax, 0B2FBB853h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8049319Bh
add     eax, 2C003486h
sub     eax, 168499ADh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B09FCC1Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0CFD89DDCh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 614D11BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 2945BA1Eh
add     eax, 0CE9E8BC1h
xor     eax, 83938EFEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A770F76Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0DBA22717h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 9B2B3A5Dh
sub     eax, 0FB68A3BCh
add     eax, 78884796h
add     eax, 22894E42h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 71FF5B94h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3717D397h
xor     eax, 58FFA394h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0BDF3B8F9h
xor     eax, 0DF17B9D7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1234263Ah
sub     eax, 49573E7Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0E6BAFC14h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 22CFCF63h
xor     eax, 396BE6DDh
add     eax, 0B007163Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 58194EADh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 78BB46FBh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0AA9772C5h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0B2BB3E4Ah
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 3D25886Dh
sub     eax, 71350AC6h
add     eax, 9C32DFF1h
sub     eax, 0D9052A27h
xor     eax, 7562CFF8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7AA9BFD8h
add     eax, 7B3FFB58h
add     eax, 0A0EBC296h
xor     eax, 4E28DE8Ah
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0EF3CCC0Dh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0A56E3B82h
sub     eax, 3FDA04A5h
xor     eax, 0F3A18341h
sub     eax, 63758063h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 9CF2D996h
sub     eax, 6B135907h
add     eax, 2BDA8ED6h
add     eax, 93CBC14Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0D14AC5E0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D8CF1C30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 8B9AA349h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 15225D8Eh
xor     eax, 0ECD06CF7h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 53360F3Bh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 5ADF66DFh
xor     eax, 45956ACFh
add     eax, 3C0ED973h
add     eax, 0B6ED977Bh
xor     eax, 1B7018E4h
xor     eax, 94FA52BFh
xor     eax, 0ADFB35DBh
sub     eax, 0F10BB98Fh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 6B27F445h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 88FD0C5Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 3626C1EAh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 2861B1F6h
xor     eax, 5DCDF287h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 3369FDD6h
add     eax, 271D9120h
xor     eax, 3471ED83h
add     eax, 65D7E8EEh
not     eax
add     eax, 9206A5BFh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 4B770609h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C318B659h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 88985699h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0EB6C4BF3h
sub     eax, 0C84617C6h
xor     eax, 8BDE8E31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D1EFEF89h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 7AC937D3h
add     eax, 10CA757Eh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CBE4379Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 9781D844h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3DEEF8E9h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F3AFC5D2h
xor     eax, 8ABACF16h
sub     eax, 0A8ADAE55h
sub     eax, 0F3825C5Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0F8B59FAAh
xor     eax, 0E3CF808Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5C2985A5h
sub     eax, 3B067EF4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0ADEDBEBEh
add     eax, 0B4B5DFCBh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5D3311F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 208AB007h
add     eax, 0BD202E0Ah
xor     eax, 2C74B4B0h
add     eax, 624350FBh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E6FF9492h
sub     eax, 33E718F8h
add     eax, 9B89C17Bh
add     eax, 0B5C92138h
xor     eax, 871B1D38h
add     eax, 6D4A3974h
add     eax, 0C993E810h
xor     eax, 8D6297BCh
add     eax, 7DEB87C1h
sub     eax, 61443D7Ch
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E8762627h
sub     eax, 45A636CEh
xor     eax, 310E70E6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 267BACD3h
sub     eax, 62276E94h
xor     eax, 47F1F958h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0C4037543h
sub     eax, 2F51F81Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8DA8F0BCh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0A511C8D1h
xor     eax, 84BAE558h
add     eax, 8F45216Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 1E762922h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 12CE39BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1CD1B0E4h
xor     eax, 0B3217E5Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0D7553672h
sub     eax, 67C32B6Ch
sub     eax, 6A6B552Eh
xor     eax, 3B741A84h
add     eax, 24F6EE22h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F284250Fh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 7FEA3905h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 30C79477h
sub     eax, 0A2CA0A40h
sub     eax, 304826D7h
add     eax, 0C83CD4DAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 53698D38h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 8D44E7D4h
xor     eax, 0E7F1F9BAh
sub     eax, 4EE88C3Ah
xor     eax, 1762F826h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A86E10A6h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 2D6ECAB3h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 12C47209h
xor     eax, 0B39AB56Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D52C7216h
sub     eax, 430EE570h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0BF6F6501h
add     eax, 0B285C6E9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 19C6A033h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C4E96966h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0ECAAAAA8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 22448BD1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9AFA0FA2h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0D066B7F4h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 936EA520h
xor     eax, 9D59858Dh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AA57258Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 90541E64h
sub     eax, 35BC37D2h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 46D40F5Fh
sub     eax, 6819119Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D5004B6Ah
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 49A2DBCEh
add     eax, 66FCE9A2h
add     eax, 40297680h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B057766Bh
xor     eax, 3F053630h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 2011068Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 2202B6A4h
sub     eax, 0FC8A96B7h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 6468AA1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9D7C2D98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4266DB50h
sub     eax, 0A84FF778h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 75EC5A9Bh
xor     eax, 98C4FB80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 15B539C9h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CC038810h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2D96C006h
add     eax, 7DEB4627h
sub     eax, 76E54B9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BB355849h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EB0D2BF6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BD86E6B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2EA380FDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 14F70577h
add     eax, 35B52C99h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 669257E5h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0D16ED294h
sub     eax, 0CB0DA292h
sub     eax, 0AD61C1A7h
add     eax, 81AEB62Bh
sub     eax, 0E808101Fh
sub     eax, 0CF0B1E4Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 7E2070C6h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 54BD061Eh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 64D123F5h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0A47B61FDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0BCF573E0h
sub     eax, 4E62AED9h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 5EA9825Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 49B2DE39h
xor     eax, 4CF4916Ch
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 7BFA1D64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7E9C558Bh
xor     eax, 77FC0E46h
sub     eax, 48E48002h
sub     eax, 0BD75BED4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 32BADF39h
add     eax, 53932FCBh
xor     eax, 307F00D4h
add     eax, 0A32F473Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 3A30BFBAh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 949625E4h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 1CDEB7D3h
add     eax, 4E1D9CD6h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 770701D4h
xor     eax, 0E52CA980h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 518C5489h
sub     eax, 11CA2BBBh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 3BD25EF8h
add     eax, 0CD655148h
sub     eax, 43C92DFDh
xor     eax, 6B2CF9B1h
xor     eax, 0A4676818h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 744EE872h
xor     eax, 6B9C1EA2h
add     eax, 0BCFF6A59h
add     eax, 0D1DF7AC5h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 83402578h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3B26AD84h
xor     eax, 777468B8h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 7CA95253h
add     eax, 7752881Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CBCCB595h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 77638480h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7C243382h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0F21DA767h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 6043E319h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4FAF8ACFh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0A481634Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D6CE0213h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 50963F8Ah
xor     eax, 157E3E59h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 56642605h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0B8468EFBh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0CB702DD7h
sub     eax, 37911DD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9DD48E1Ch
sub     eax, 8FA80753h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7A52DF59h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0CDF6611Bh
add     eax, 0C9C5700Eh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 4B8227CBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 13165172h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 9A79FE24h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C28E800Bh
xor     eax, 77372A1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 8824CBA8h
xor     eax, 0D3BE55F8h
sub     eax, 47A76681h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CF74E242h
xor     eax, 0AA4B7564h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2A4BC923h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E8EE9543h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 3823C443h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C2C08E39h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DD518B61h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D43E53FFh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B1FD55C4h
xor     eax, 0E4D22BB1h
add     eax, 0FCFA7A4Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 62135C8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A5150B98h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 635FF408h
xor     eax, 4AE4BA6Ch
sub     eax, 0CBD0FB61h
xor     eax, 0DED785E7h
add     eax, 964F06D7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9FE7881Eh
xor     eax, 0CBDFFC00h
sub     eax, 6BDF86F7h
add     eax, 82F532A5h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F5C034F9h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B150CBBAh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0E5837817h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9822CF6Bh
add     eax, 8F0686DBh
xor     eax, 8A1CC941h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A7E0F0CDh
add     eax, 0BF836DECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A2058B1Eh
add     eax, 7D871891h
add     eax, 7F9E85D7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0AF883EABh
xor     eax, 0A7DAD6A6h
xor     eax, 0BDEE6D8Eh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 1BCCC196h
sub     eax, 0B1801462h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9C222003h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0E10BF06Fh
sub     eax, 55A41562h
add     eax, 2D50F7D7h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0C9973856h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C653BA9Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A0189C19h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0CDFE543Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D10CC27Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D547F3F3h
sub     eax, 472DE6CEh
sub     eax, 983DAD63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0D70028BFh
xor     eax, 0EC6B47A5h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 5B25E333h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 1399D7E0h
xor     eax, 0CE46616Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D31D558Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 3393E27Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 6AA5E1CAh
sub     eax, 0AB0ACC5Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 793630ADh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 4C2AF74Bh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 56A3BCAAh
add     eax, 0B56B5409h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 76A80A06h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 950CEC12h
sub     eax, 112C4623h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A35003F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 286078B1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 267A65EBh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 34E8B311h
add     eax, 3311CAC8h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0AEBCD363h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D3DA577Ch
add     eax, 890E175Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 379F6D63h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 9E0BFD8Fh
add     eax, 0EF13B00Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 736BA0BBh
sub     eax, 64AB580Ch
add     eax, 6B2F6BEDh
xor     eax, 8F880226h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DD1A3D25h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F352A962h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 5815AEE2h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 56A166C6h
add     eax, 0CFBC0D30h
not     eax
xor     eax, 58AE20BDh
sub     eax, 6F8003CEh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F06CE4C9h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F5E20624h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C52927DAh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 2D147E85h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C5747D0Bh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0AAF6B7C5h
sub     eax, 0B28CD5FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A6E7CE15h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 681F3DF7h
sub     eax, 42164D02h
add     eax, 0B48FCC8Ch
xor     eax, 0DF32BCAFh
xor     eax, 0FB0687A1h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 5164AA4Ah
xor     eax, 187B2CDBh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0E7B305CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8A121DD3h
add     eax, 0E6788583h
xor     eax, 0F6B6E0E4h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DC07652Dh
xor     eax, 928EFCABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0FF03FEC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0E1917246h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 13448CFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1EE93093h
xor     eax, 36087D97h
add     eax, 92702EA9h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0AF9006C6h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 1E855DF7h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6007B139h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 76187514h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 86D9947Bh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0F826F2B3h
xor     eax, 0EEC21A48h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0DA715B93h
add     eax, 2A3AB417h
xor     eax, 99473881h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3E9DF4EBh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 6340971Ch
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 52FD8683h
add     eax, 0EDDC97A2h
sub     eax, 0B7BB319Fh
add     eax, 216E2345h
xor     eax, 48779A87h
add     eax, 0B52ACF66h
sub     eax, 417EAB2Eh
add     eax, 1E1EF15Ch
xor     eax, 657F5DD9h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 807144CFh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0DD7A1D32h
add     eax, 28EE42D0h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 532AE109h
sub     eax, 0CD5E972Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0F7E91471h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 1B8141DAh
add     eax, 8914C7D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8AD2FBA3h
sub     eax, 62408E16h
add     eax, 0F2EA7D9Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 27B50BDFh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F0E61F7Eh
sub     eax, 5C263201h
sub     eax, 0D519CED3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 9AEEA744h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0FCBB25F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4563FA46h
sub     eax, 0A3CB7AFFh
sub     eax, 0CCF00F8Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF94FDC7h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0F487BC3Ah
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AE65DE20h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 91DDF876h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7F866F01h
add     eax, 52B60B3Ch
sub     eax, 0E4DA7F10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FB0D1605h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 6F5A058Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0C19FEE20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AF54FD9Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9468B384h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 51578D57h
not     eax
add     eax, 29831C9Eh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3248088Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 9BD87ADEh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0A2F79619h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C9E1730Fh
xor     eax, 2AB3EA00h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F2C6A246h
sub     eax, 29C4D0BCh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 885C9A06h
xor     eax, 985CA977h
sub     eax, 90B1ADE3h
add     eax, 2A81E700h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A49BDB36h
sub     eax, 0B1E010B1h
add     eax, 0C9E4530Dh
add     eax, 4248004Ch
add     eax, 0C0BBF3FCh
xor     eax, 73C89BC3h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 47EF5942h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0E25F3865h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 522A4391h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 21CFDD8Eh
xor     eax, 7C053F4Ch
xor     eax, 0E5D5C865h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 46AB07ACh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6F3D0933h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 2E47F94Ch
add     eax, 1B535926h
xor     eax, 99EAED31h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 5DA332D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 354E9228h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 15DB6C91h
add     eax, 453A1548h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DA16381Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0CD3967D5h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 7566808Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 270923CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B5ECE23Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4B5F81A3h
xor     eax, 8C1B866Fh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 46EE5685h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 15B65B3Ah
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F12CAC03h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1E575A14h
add     eax, 98A997C5h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E82CB0B6h
xor     eax, 0BF0A5F69h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0A7F6FF2Ch
sub     eax, 91FE401Ch
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CFE9D36Ah
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 96E71111h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BC60E2D4h
sub     eax, 7103B1B5h
not     eax
add     eax, 9F851834h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2CA5F6FBh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0E1487FA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 72C29E8Dh
sub     eax, 0ACE40D89h
add     eax, 0DB09C2DAh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B15F756Eh
sub     eax, 2448A1F8h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0D1819547h
add     eax, 0DA6D3F77h
xor     eax, 9E225912h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0A9003474h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 680315B2h
xor     eax, 0CF68A769h
sub     eax, 0FAB04D50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 54276BF9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C79043B0h
xor     eax, 92812700h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9007F9D1h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0ADEBE0ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CE9D77D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 703AB5FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E53B6FBFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AB3249C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9FFFBA98h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 9A6D15A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9FE6DD7Eh
add     eax, 1C717DF1h
xor     eax, 0C194C259h
xor     eax, 3A042A50h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 7BF97640h
not     eax
sub     eax, 54D96FE5h
add     eax, 0E1E3674Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 22D20D25h
xor     eax, 1C14CB03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 54A078D7h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 637E15A9h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CA78E9ACh
sub     eax, 402B98F0h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 52E4E17Ch
xor     eax, 41995016h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 97432A61h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 6844F0BEh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 1C7874C3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0BB9AB1C4h
add     eax, 5C018E35h
sub     eax, 81116B5Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 53BE814Fh
add     eax, 2AB24DD5h
add     eax, 0FA06AA9Dh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 634B1929h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0B6E484D6h
add     eax, 322BCB27h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 50AB2390h
sub     eax, 65E33A90h
sub     eax, 0F2E8F3D7h
sub     eax, 999366EFh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0B7C64C21h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DB1866E3h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 59B8CE63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A52A60AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 167D9737h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F5C9E4F5h
sub     eax, 2B1C54B9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0D8081471h
add     eax, 2673B3E6h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 6AB7AA47h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 689C1321h
sub     eax, 0BB7356F9h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 1856A5D4h
sub     eax, 0DBE9027Eh
add     eax, 0CA710231h
add     eax, 0CF31AECFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2A4C88BAh
sub     eax, 3F425D27h
xor     eax, 0CA45E598h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F80B650Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B1EA8229h
add     eax, 17CD7E72h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 35232448h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 42E9F0C3h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0DF77996Ch
add     eax, 0F34A63CCh
xor     eax, 1F991C6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 4391860Bh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 25D0D04Ch
sub     eax, 9F8E9850h
add     eax, 6ADAC0A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7D404712h
sub     eax, 0AD6A00ACh
xor     eax, 1F45E13Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0ED2BC0FDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3C34A262h
not     eax
sub     eax, 79300C3Dh
add     eax, 7BEE8C15h
add     eax, 732B0DE5h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 5ED3E5CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 11F0F91Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9CEFCCE3h
xor     eax, 9BBB40EBh
sub     eax, 0E133CBB2h
sub     eax, 0F8D8C8B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1665A518h
xor     eax, 0BB6AE92Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 61DE9F9Dh
add     eax, 0D261A941h
xor     eax, 55DB1702h
xor     eax, 699D3C73h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0DEB230CEh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 8779CCFAh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 43B5D61Eh
xor     eax, 4C5EB0F2h
sub     eax, 3E119D44h
xor     eax, 104FAD46h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6B37731Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0AE7DCB8Eh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 5C8511DAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F342CE87h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 27854DDEh
xor     eax, 3089EE81h
sub     eax, 4E5D5273h
xor     eax, 81B3B9C1h
sub     eax, 302144B8h
add     eax, 0B7C88B98h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 1C4A804Ah
add     eax, 5B93D6C6h
sub     eax, 0A3750E85h
add     eax, 9EF28926h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 24F7A188h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A2BAE862h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0BC8BB3D5h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0D65EB865h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 9298FD16h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0DBAE7E2Ah
sub     eax, 6DDBD7DDh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 321B4E75h
add     eax, 0D6455A68h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8099C2F7h
xor     eax, 0D5AA4725h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 57249C4Dh
add     eax, 0A57DC5F9h
add     eax, 0E4782DE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3185137Fh
add     eax, 96B3930Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0E065A100h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C51F7498h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 5E1DC333h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2BAAC9E3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 80524F3Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0D61FC1EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 274EB94Ah
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0B6A5714Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5FE31F78h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0D3775B21h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 86E6CA25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BD34FBFFh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 93E84875h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 99662525h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0A4739097h
add     eax, 1CF044CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 41F09A61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 1A730452h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 551A502Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0C94FF349h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6E59A820h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 60A59694h
add     eax, 0A0C7587Fh
sub     eax, 0BDBFFE87h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 15C0FD88h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ED9D5AC0h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E602CE37h
sub     eax, 6C46F5A6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 16D726D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 555EE13Eh
add     eax, 0AE04F353h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EF85080Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 92571CEFh
add     eax, 65B78BD5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6DD1B317h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 26E04D19h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 52CCD4C0h
add     eax, 535CD084h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D4BAABF6h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0BE4B1D94h
add     eax, 45743752h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C85F4ED2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 8A5BDF38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 6A9BBC04h
xor     eax, 8A3CC77Ah
xor     eax, 0D0FDB84Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F2E74E16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B13951BFh
add     eax, 0FBF730F8h
add     eax, 337B7D43h
add     eax, 8E8ACEF0h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1F7BD916h
add     eax, 95C5930Bh
add     eax, 240F5FA0h
sub     eax, 3B0B4EE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EC980D04h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0EEAA3B68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0FF4598F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1BB459CAh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CDCF84CEh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 79378D0Bh
xor     eax, 3C6D9EF3h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 63018BCEh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 8BDA1EE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0A13455DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7A27F5A5h
xor     eax, 0C5EA0FA1h
add     eax, 70111280h
add     eax, 0D502E4CBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B733C390h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0A44581AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BFC3FB81h
xor     eax, 73523F41h
add     eax, 5A511DF4h
sub     eax, 2C668BEBh
add     eax, 0E4E0AEA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 1B6CE5A1h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 7A2D54CAh
sub     eax, 2F2E41A3h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 8EAF775Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 56A1EB9Ch
sub     eax, 0F5E28D97h
xor     eax, 13DA68F2h
xor     eax, 3F592F83h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 9CC79CACh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FBE433F9h
add     eax, 0F86EB67Ch
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D68D5209h
xor     eax, 6D6402F4h
add     eax, 4A4D10CEh
add     eax, 61623E59h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0C616BE50h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0E7EAE703h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0AFAF6EB7h
xor     eax, 77BC5C2Ch
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0EDCB692Ah
sub     eax, 46C67F0Ah
sub     eax, 0C98FB15Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 48342770h
not     eax
add     eax, 77298C68h
xor     eax, 0EAED9E76h
xor     eax, 0A4955D01h
add     eax, 0CCCD29FDh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 2CA8D4BCh
sub     eax, 0A8A84DD4h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9FCFE638h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E2F524A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2531C156h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 53E63038h
xor     eax, 553D06F8h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 5FAEEEE2h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 4216C235h
not     eax
xor     eax, 791DBDDDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 17582842h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7AE341Ah
sub     eax, 55BC74A3h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 57E9ECEFh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0A5D26EFBh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 3D97DADAh
add     eax, 27810730h
sub     eax, 85BDE451h
sub     eax, 8A425ACEh
xor     eax, 2F7D86F5h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F85E59D2h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EDE74D8Bh
xor     eax, 0FAD94CBFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 6CB3D7B5h
add     eax, 0E4E76511h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0D03DA8D2h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C959B0ACh
add     eax, 0A2977A2Ah
xor     eax, 5488C28Fh
xor     eax, 0FBD9D4F2h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 6BABA323h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D9516850h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B12CC450h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F9A0F612h
xor     eax, 4C09C484h
sub     eax, 1E49C6DBh
xor     eax, 7BE39D45h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0B463DC25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EFCB673Fh
sub     eax, 0E4D3A391h
sub     eax, 0A77AB2DBh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BEECA35Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0C8DA24B9h
xor     eax, 0EF35C5B7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 4303C812h
xor     eax, 946E4160h
add     eax, 3A353E42h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 64924415h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A7C00648h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 276FCE29h
xor     eax, 2040C779h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0E184077Dh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0F1F302CAh
xor     eax, 2A015AB1h
xor     eax, 0FC0E6732h
add     eax, 0DF3181CCh
add     eax, 41A4038Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 17FCB590h
sub     eax, 0E40EF41Ch
xor     eax, 342DFC9Ah
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 6363E02Fh
sub     eax, 0D67190F2h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E87F0AC1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6776369Ch
add     eax, 0CB598BE4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2168AE0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 66A23C6Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0F307E4A3h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 46F0A10Eh
add     eax, 9FA463BCh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 180C773Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 8EC213B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C0D74820h
sub     eax, 0D30FC3EDh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 7B9B2FA1h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3FE0FE4Ch
sub     eax, 0BA74124Eh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 86678CEBh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8D2EC1FFh
add     eax, 58FBEE8Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0D4E4769Fh
xor     eax, 0AEC8516Dh
add     eax, 0FA75D143h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F024DE13h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0BD884DADh
xor     eax, 55CB14B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FAC1720Ah
add     eax, 39D71763h
add     eax, 1EB042C4h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 790D7692h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4B5544CFh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 7713594Ah
add     eax, 0E0D1E4E8h
xor     eax, 0D9AB740Ch
sub     eax, 6AA00746h
sub     eax, 7F7D39BBh
add     eax, 90BB85B1h
add     eax, 6682512Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0AB6A2F24h
xor     eax, 90F603B7h
xor     eax, 403D934Fh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 636F03B7h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 82A3148Eh
sub     eax, 0EC166E99h
sub     eax, 0EB7CA5E2h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0B8192537h
xor     eax, 0FF71BFDCh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F61E7F97h
sub     eax, 92E2AAFCh
sub     eax, 6D92F342h
sub     eax, 90CC878Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 8924B6E2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 161BC45Bh
add     eax, 0ACC0CD4Ah
xor     eax, 5B396A42h
sub     eax, 4EE53DE2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0C8657414h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0D790A871h
add     eax, 430E1375h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D2BAD35Fh
sub     eax, 6D6A4A81h
sub     eax, 0D0ADCDEEh
sub     eax, 0D94D2123h
sub     eax, 0F649A589h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 94FCA1FEh
xor     eax, 7C581044h
sub     eax, 6900335Ch
xor     eax, 0B75C1C49h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 352E4B82h
sub     eax, 0E63FB1B1h
add     eax, 9AFC8B7Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 29250795h
add     eax, 12A48332h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CD8DC2CCh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 9497509Bh
sub     eax, 772B9096h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0E3CF3567h
xor     eax, 35B38982h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 338E839Eh
sub     eax, 3E3A31D2h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 0DECE6004h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 7A878013h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A151730h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0FD281B15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CB8FB14Fh
add     eax, 74380DEDh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 7057D0CFh
add     eax, 877391CAh
add     eax, 0A0A6FC30h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 7FC61324h
sub     eax, 784F2751h
sub     eax, 0EFE43937h
add     eax, 0DE288EADh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 7654AABAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B9EC4B04h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 76D5819Ah
xor     eax, 5DCEFE6Fh
sub     eax, 2CCB302Fh
add     eax, 1203A48Ch
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 9A223D6Ch
xor     eax, 511445E0h
xor     eax, 0F4CEF8FEh
xor     eax, 781DB178h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 7AEB75EEh
xor     eax, 0A21CDA25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0EA5B9F7Bh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0E9DB50F0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A6179A7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1EF8F928h
xor     eax, 8BDC74B7h
add     eax, 509E0933h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1E95E53Ah
add     eax, 0BCD63B31h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0C2E17FC4h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 191DA7D9h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 18E92C08h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 18A44315h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2A80A83Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FA5889B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 643EF9D6h
sub     eax, 0A5BA3C98h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 2F9562E3h
sub     eax, 0FFF138D6h
xor     eax, 0C4139073h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0DF2BE88Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 7C2A491Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1EDB09CBh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 1C028128h
sub     eax, 5B00FEA6h
sub     eax, 3A7304C6h
add     eax, 404D56A9h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 11135B57h
sub     eax, 6C6E777Dh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E62AD841h
sub     eax, 19FA42B5h
add     eax, 40725770h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 8EEDCE27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1412BA2Ah
xor     eax, 0CFCCECDAh
sub     eax, 421F32ADh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 57FB7EE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 71C370D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 90DB72D1h
xor     eax, 8AF07D68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6F57A481h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E9BF0BE0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 80984BA6h
xor     eax, 0FAB8851Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 27FE8C68h
not     eax
xor     eax, 36448A5Dh
sub     eax, 0F4F03F93h
sub     eax, 0CD5E9FD2h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F00FB9AEh
sub     eax, 42303C31h
add     eax, 0FBA2C5FDh
sub     eax, 86991528h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0F5D6CE84h
sub     eax, 0C00F5568h
sub     eax, 135C522Ah
xor     eax, 0E3EA20EFh
add     eax, 905752A6h
sub     eax, 917BD1B2h
add     eax, 0C94716A5h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 94BCEAB0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F35C24DAh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 66541C06h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0B6B460CAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 3808F3D2h
xor     eax, 86CF2FDAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C4411655h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 697D9346h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 7045DD05h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6EE8AE03h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 99F4AECEh
xor     eax, 0A6097BDDh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 9DAD7C9Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 39A9D540h
add     eax, 3E0EFDEFh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0DC1CAFE0h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0DF2E2B3Fh
add     eax, 0B69C9468h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 8F015C93h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 8A919DBEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1EDE1D43h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FE900DB6h
add     eax, 0FCEBA575h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 5E4318CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C806CDB0h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A1FDB13Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 6F10BC3Bh
add     eax, 0EB360F2Dh
xor     eax, 95C59E1Ah
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0BE06675Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F8852276h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 85F98A14h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0E0AF89C3h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 12897D97h
xor     eax, 0DDFB9987h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0DEF3163Ah
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0BCEBBA5Dh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 8BC2A299h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0DCE0DC89h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C679A88Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 822C33A2h
xor     eax, 8B31EB82h
sub     eax, 4E234E26h
xor     eax, 0BD6DA652h
add     eax, 79BC6966h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0B5C3DFC7h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 908D39CEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 629137C0h
add     eax, 6CDE50E0h
xor     eax, 6D5D45BBh
sub     eax, 40E839CDh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 1296EC21h
not     eax
xor     eax, 74A90DC4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F7B3B583h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 40960088h
xor     eax, 811964C7h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 2050A70Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0F84C3DD9h
sub     eax, 3B57E636h
add     eax, 39AEE3FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7DA04554h
sub     eax, 40CA8921h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8B1AC17Ah
add     eax, 975CDC02h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 290FB2F1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 873DD86Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B2819667h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 46B840D0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 64FE9DC4h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E64E893Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 3BC41AEDh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0FE19F69Ch
sub     eax, 0A551D873h
sub     eax, 0CC2B557Dh
sub     eax, 5663DD64h
sub     eax, 351DD287h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3F6DD7EAh
add     eax, 0B3906E6Ah
xor     eax, 0AE2BE4D5h
sub     eax, 0CCB54654h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0DA2AE650h
sub     eax, 0D83DDAD1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DAB270A2h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FF2ADABAh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 6A7565A4h
xor     eax, 125206CBh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 88FEBC93h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0F5D5B9A1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E73E5330h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ABA2A65Fh
add     eax, 0E28BD3F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4313DBF9h
sub     eax, 154117DEh
sub     eax, 2555609Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 597E93AAh
xor     eax, 9C87B923h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B9EC6FC4h
add     eax, 0CEED69D7h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 10D403F8h
xor     eax, 7944931Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 28FDBAACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 6C0E8E31h
add     eax, 0AD083A33h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0E6CD810Ah
add     eax, 0C7D67891h
add     eax, 1E6E916Ch
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E9EECCB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A8045A90h
add     eax, 11F65A95h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 26C99F8Fh
add     eax, 0BC0D3F95h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 777ADA73h
xor     eax, 8FB82C2Bh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3760495Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CF5FCE0Ah
add     eax, 472EFBE7h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 681F6006h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F2B8401Ch
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 3BA4E8FBh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0B91338CDh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 866754A9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 540A1AF9h
add     eax, 90B7AD79h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F956DA75h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 25478E47h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 4DA2DAE4h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 7ED8BE0Bh
sub     eax, 0C260A1E4h
sub     eax, 242A88BBh
add     eax, 9D660713h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BB11890Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 12A3ACF8h
sub     eax, 0CD9883DAh
xor     eax, 16AC4CEBh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0AE91AE95h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 51DCC814h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0FFCAAFC3h
xor     eax, 7BC55828h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 0E753F2CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4C7AE280h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 4922D4FFh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0FCDFC53Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 76243112h
add     eax, 0A879492Ah
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 16292360h
xor     eax, 3AEFDCEAh
add     eax, 97C9FB97h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5382A1AAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E12B126Bh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 691C527Dh
add     eax, 190C495Bh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0BEDF5F41h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EEB2886Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 39E576AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 8047A777h
xor     eax, 0B8CCDB86h
xor     eax, 0D183391Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 95BFD4D2h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FB3973D2h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D20582FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AF98A6E6h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0ABD90E3Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 89085BEEh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0A985B793h
xor     eax, 1ED1667Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2FE9C5D1h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 33364569h
add     eax, 0C5DD1952h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2AE927C5h
sub     eax, 0F00C07C1h
xor     eax, 0DE77107Ch
xor     eax, 87152084h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0B874A6E0h
add     eax, 218771DFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 63DA0640h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 301FE2E9h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 545B362Eh
xor     eax, 76453F8Fh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5316BCBBh
add     eax, 35145006h
add     eax, 137D86FFh
sub     eax, 7709ABFCh
add     eax, 0D7E1D872h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DDBAD112h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 330E1D9Bh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9863C36Eh
xor     eax, 0E9D0A9E1h
add     eax, 0C7641F35h
xor     eax, 75FA41CEh
sub     eax, 69D4A0FFh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0C0137F2Fh
xor     eax, 333A9458h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 557FBE42h
sub     eax, 2DF62291h
sub     eax, 81FC0B54h
add     eax, 206D2A66h
not     eax
sub     eax, 828F3F1Bh
sub     eax, 0E316ACD1h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6126E97Eh
xor     eax, 2A482C91h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0B1BB6FBEh
sub     eax, 0C151A1BFh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0B2C886BDh
add     eax, 0E4B72494h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 914501E0h
sub     eax, 63A525A9h
add     eax, 0B0113A73h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 3DDB9ACFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 94D7A5FBh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 7DCF9453h
xor     eax, 59DC93E5h
sub     eax, 0F5897528h
add     eax, 2D107A39h
add     eax, 0EB0EEE5Dh
xor     eax, 3523F792h
sub     eax, 0B159FCB5h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0B025273Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3C2DF598h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 52F28D2Ch
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 83FD5803h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 7FB1784Ah
add     eax, 1537E0CDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7920AFA6h
xor     eax, 5CF9BD1Fh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16ED50B8h
sub     eax, 0B2969CB8h
add     eax, 6F1CDFDCh
xor     eax, 0D3005039h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 28B7B465h
xor     eax, 9C52D3FFh
xor     eax, 6A23EDD6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BF4E7A76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0AD64BB9Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7F8AB6CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EF25E442h
sub     eax, 2C14D008h
xor     eax, 4BA51987h
add     eax, 165F40D2h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C6CFDC7Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 5708791Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 93BE95CDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FC666C7Eh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 16A5EF62h
add     eax, 0E8C26E8Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 907DAC57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0FEB4B061h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0FD79399Ch
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 61A64117h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0CEAD3EA3h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 6CD834ACh
sub     eax, 97B10614h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 90AA6503h
sub     eax, 698C7240h
sub     eax, 17C6CCF6h
sub     eax, 0E3D346C4h
sub     eax, 0B339D3BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 32EA43FEh
add     eax, 0A541315Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 9CD5EE09h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CD1121D5h
add     eax, 0E22A45C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4F4A7EEEh
sub     eax, 0CDBBDC23h
not     eax
xor     eax, 90638DECh
add     eax, 517290FFh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 6B6C0F79h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 3D7EF169h
xor     eax, 4778D997h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 863852DAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0E83BBD3Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 20092503h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0AC061F2Ch
add     eax, 0EE7967AFh
add     eax, 0CC953BA9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C3B0078Dh
sub     eax, 0AC6269A3h
xor     eax, 744ABEA0h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9B96F8E2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FD698A30h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 39672F79h
not     eax
xor     eax, 602E0279h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 14221E9Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0F614820Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 5DAD034Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 75B003FBh
xor     eax, 0B0070644h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 16F272A6h
sub     eax, 0DA67185Ah
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0B5155304h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E19F6632h
sub     eax, 2E12D5FEh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0B111210Ah
add     eax, 0FF633D09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F35D2611h
add     eax, 500BAE74h
sub     eax, 96A65B78h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 793306A0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9682D949h
add     eax, 101C5010h
xor     eax, 37141E95h
xor     eax, 0C19955C7h
sub     eax, 0DD0D1884h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 2F69AFE4h
sub     eax, 0B49F0C6Ch
xor     eax, 69419B16h
xor     eax, 7E07D6C2h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 2C606D13h
not     eax
add     eax, 6F8CD8E7h
not     eax
add     eax, 72D513BDh
sub     eax, 4A659387h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B571C086h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7181A676h
add     eax, 0B3C4D4BEh
sub     eax, 871B80B4h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 7D073EACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5D3B9C06h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 667559EAh
add     eax, 97822C91h
sub     eax, 0B74A7B4Dh
sub     eax, 372762EFh
sub     eax, 822A3A6Ah
add     eax, 68B4F73Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3267BE0Dh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 7711116Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0ED69DF5Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 65C4B95Fh
sub     eax, 9A53A885h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 2D0B5D7Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0BF6E6602h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F885AA3Ah
xor     eax, 69D731CCh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0A247F601h
sub     eax, 0D2D18024h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DDAE1121h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F993C4F9h
sub     eax, 80598C38h
xor     eax, 0B2E476F9h
sub     eax, 0D65C21B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FE7FD8A7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 97B713B7h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 25BE9B41h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 68C27A37h
sub     eax, 80509A33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2C58BAA5h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 836BEA63h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0A0BC7146h
add     eax, 0C8D3703Ah
sub     eax, 2C2714C6h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3940F967h
add     eax, 0AD81B24Dh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 2464BBFDh
add     eax, 73FFE734h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3C231424h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 29C3AFAEh
xor     eax, 0FEE5C718h
add     eax, 0FC6843E9h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 1BD46B52h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D9BB60E9h
sub     eax, 38991373h
add     eax, 17AD8301h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0A20FEDB3h
add     eax, 845107DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 75DEB833h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D5AE9258h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B25849EEh
xor     eax, 4D8BA3B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 403F9C11h
sub     eax, 0CC2AD317h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 984D77E5h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0E88EA814h
xor     eax, 0C71357EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E9C35800h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0D17244CCh
add     eax, 8FCA3F81h
xor     eax, 320F54F6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 4BAABABDh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0CDAAA04Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 85E11BA8h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 860CDF5Dh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 7BBD9CB2h
sub     eax, 97227A34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E1E2B658h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0FAD4027Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 75A5F8B5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 451AB4C5h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0C8A89BB6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 43A50196h
add     eax, 8B4A2199h
add     eax, 4FBB6C96h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E65DCA4Bh
add     eax, 70F2DD26h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 19C5F12Eh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 89CDD8DDh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0EDA117E1h
xor     eax, 118677BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0C6D8F309h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 7CF5B4C2h
add     eax, 98174075h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 3E46D6F5h
add     eax, 0AE2C8E08h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0A4C603E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CC45636Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0B5DE6BF6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BFA75214h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 45ABAE64h
xor     eax, 0F5D80BE7h
xor     eax, 5EA9DB1Eh
xor     eax, 0F02E9E1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 50E9ECBFh
sub     eax, 0E76B8324h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 47A0C352h
not     eax
sub     eax, 23B39194h
xor     eax, 239A3A77h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EE292594h
add     eax, 0EB5D7FE8h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F11E9921h
add     eax, 766AF9F5h
sub     eax, 0B41F85D3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 10975D7Eh
add     eax, 0EB242234h
sub     eax, 1FFBB442h
sub     eax, 40284284h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 86E5C12Eh
sub     eax, 8284531Fh
xor     eax, 8989E320h
xor     eax, 823BFDCFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0DBE7F06Dh
add     eax, 4A71B976h
add     eax, 38C6D634h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B7FDFFE9h
sub     eax, 269F1C66h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3B4E3D3Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0CFD9581Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 31ABE931h
xor     eax, 8A6F03F1h
sub     eax, 3280D251h
add     eax, 66416EB9h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 4060BBDAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C768305Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0E93862A4h
sub     eax, 14FB1CB2h
add     eax, 69A75160h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9054ED10h
add     eax, 806247FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0C84C28BEh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0DF3E2491h
xor     eax, 0D8B8796Dh
xor     eax, 5C380ED3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CDCE4AECh
add     eax, 0F61776ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7268955Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E393962Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0CE2B2B60h
add     eax, 0BC72CFEBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 26E63E2Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 2BA14AFEh
sub     eax, 7FF63C70h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 8F639D27h
xor     eax, 0B07276E4h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 4D7E4B42h
xor     eax, 0FDDBB30Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 1A5A283Bh
sub     eax, 8B431A70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ABDF6FFCh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 88952A00h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 9B085AD7h
sub     eax, 48967BCBh
sub     eax, 297A291Bh
xor     eax, 0AA226775h
xor     eax, 0DD6164D0h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 4E967F4Ah
xor     eax, 0FFA95854h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 32BCA222h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0B03CDBB0h
xor     eax, 15511317h
sub     eax, 6FD4CCC0h
add     eax, 0BF08B147h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0E1F8D0DAh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 9E154DC1h
xor     eax, 0A1711D6Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 198EA895h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9A2B44DBh
xor     eax, 8ABAE632h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4EADEC66h
sub     eax, 0D1963563h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0BEC3C782h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 688A3328h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 461F9469h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6B2BCF08h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0F3F4C422h
sub     eax, 7D8679EAh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 235600E3h
sub     eax, 10E42B76h
add     eax, 2FFECBB3h
add     eax, 9819CC9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0AD37D119h
not     eax
sub     eax, 131D7417h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0FE727E66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 83CDB11Ch
add     eax, 0CBE44B6Ch
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 405DBF16h
add     eax, 72EE40EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0FFA95C23h
add     eax, 2066664Eh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0D2BE6D97h
sub     eax, 0A0EC5647h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1E69CC13h
sub     eax, 0D0DD6C45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 5C2C2DC8h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0BC531AF5h
add     eax, 19BE6D34h
xor     eax, 0AC41B9DBh
add     eax, 2B3FC415h
xor     eax, 9CF82CBBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 14D9A5A0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 4A11B692h
xor     eax, 0CEF408DFh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 14B5EC96h
xor     eax, 447B0A92h
xor     eax, 1D8BA331h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 66D850F6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F3135C0Ch
sub     eax, 0D553427Dh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 4F1874FCh
add     eax, 0BF8B114Eh
add     eax, 872F86E4h
sub     eax, 6728A897h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 47D796A0h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F860D4ADh
xor     eax, 0D84CBFAFh
sub     eax, 67332972h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FC6571ABh
xor     eax, 320077A2h
sub     eax, 138A6B7Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 86DE0520h
add     eax, 3004DA5Ah
add     eax, 0E78D732Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CF016305h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 3F2B251Dh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7B99887Fh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0DBFBC6C9h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0AAAAAE1Dh
xor     eax, 1D25CE28h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C5C2ECEBh
add     eax, 0A9C48873h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 1BB58F1Fh
add     eax, 9CB40EC1h
xor     eax, 0B87FC53Dh
xor     eax, 0BFDE31A8h
add     eax, 0CC05FB3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 3A88EBC8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A311E166h
sub     eax, 0B7CE803Bh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0E3A1BA2Bh
sub     eax, 0B7538EA8h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E67277EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E2A53595h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 180ECCB4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D52FABA1h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 1A1C36C9h
sub     eax, 3E76C62Fh
add     eax, 85BEC270h
add     eax, 0FC6F3452h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B9A01524h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DC6D0271h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0C5AEA367h
add     eax, 0BD1DE2ADh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 49414121h
sub     eax, 0A411C86Fh
xor     eax, 1D0E84D3h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0DE0C168Fh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 935E51BCh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0FE0E0A9Ah
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0BE22D655h
xor     eax, 9DBFE79Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AFFAFF48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2F4951F0h
sub     eax, 98090F04h
xor     eax, 50F1D264h
xor     eax, 0ADB4D2B0h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0FBED4C75h
add     eax, 0C4ABE21Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0B51996E9h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 84B5D7F7h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0DE9AC90Fh
sub     eax, 0B6A3AED7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 31A30ADBh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D2A66D9Eh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0FCF1588Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 8194C8EDh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C8D97835h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2E8DCB33h
add     eax, 9C4C6903h
xor     eax, 712FB986h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0FDBC6973h
add     eax, 5714FE00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3F5F25Eh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 12ADAD6Dh
add     eax, 3B08E1FAh
xor     eax, 47B2CA23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 8B664A93h
add     eax, 99FCA626h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 31B247B5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0EBCD39D0h
add     eax, 0A2033628h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0CF5DB3F1h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0CD46CE8Ch
xor     eax, 0E6666160h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0EE24301Ch
add     eax, 2A49803Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E31F5277h
add     eax, 0B671F6EFh
sub     eax, 319E8DAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7A0EE9B6h
xor     eax, 0C64DF080h
xor     eax, 48FAD88Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 5B12B941h
sub     eax, 34BA4494h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 73247861h
sub     eax, 41DAEB23h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0C3A429EBh
xor     eax, 0D5A81636h
xor     eax, 524B7362h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 2026EB90h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 4902A997h
sub     eax, 539AB806h
sub     eax, 0D1696886h
xor     eax, 0A25CF9D3h
add     eax, 2978528Bh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B0F68DDCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 879F4392h
add     eax, 0E0963A89h
add     eax, 6156C7A9h
sub     eax, 0F045BF17h
xor     eax, 0B72570FCh
xor     eax, 0D630EE15h
sub     eax, 0CB6486C8h
xor     eax, 0F6CC8FEFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8ADD8DE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7B6C7812h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 377A0B9Ah
xor     eax, 4C5BE2FAh
xor     eax, 1ED3E347h
add     eax, 59B3269Ah
add     eax, 7A257748h
add     eax, 54359532h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 277EEF15h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 5EB10C2Fh
sub     eax, 38E7C067h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 6ACF3FD5h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 269538D2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0B8612E1Fh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 1A25EBE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CE9E34E8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E9011BCFh
sub     eax, 403B1E84h
add     eax, 0AE079045h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0EA02EC24h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0AA37CBC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4059DC6Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 7F0A9230h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D5C159D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 85B35810h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4388931Dh
sub     eax, 89BE0F3Bh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 3D89CF8Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0EEA9E05Eh
sub     eax, 0F5E729DFh
xor     eax, 0B9595829h
sub     eax, 3169AF00h
xor     eax, 0A245A60Ah
sub     eax, 902939B0h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EEBE19E4h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 469C5F64h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C747CFC4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F6195357h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 214B15D8h
xor     eax, 16D359A4h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 6C41F6B5h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 9FD19898h
xor     eax, 57C3E5ECh
sub     eax, 885B4835h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0F86E2CAEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CBFD661Dh
add     eax, 0A83C42DFh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0FF84A4A7h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0C2A447EDh
xor     eax, 0C1764B47h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0F3B96F9Ah
sub     eax, 932F27DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 48A6E0BAh
sub     eax, 0C03A8E3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B0443505h
xor     eax, 0A41EF985h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0D6512052h
not     eax
add     eax, 1761D7BEh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 58DC0FFDh
add     eax, 0B0DAF8CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0BA8C209Ch
add     eax, 55779F91h
sub     eax, 80457938h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0F70617EAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D8CB4D66h
sub     eax, 0BAFB166Ah
sub     eax, 8B6808ACh
add     eax, 0E38BD34Ah
add     eax, 840593B1h
add     eax, 0F53CB32Ah
xor     eax, 1584B9D2h
sub     eax, 42325E9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0E0F3F577h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0A1BBF7E9h
sub     eax, 0F08219D1h
add     eax, 30203A24h
xor     eax, 1350E6AEh
sub     eax, 93AD9063h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 769E6AEFh
xor     eax, 646C8F31h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 7CEC495Ch
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 7A23ACC4h
sub     eax, 93FD2BEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 6C718090h
sub     eax, 642D4C91h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0F90F0143h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 3640B589h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0E3CFDD6Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9FEC0714h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 134B80F7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E57BF304h
add     eax, 0EEDAA3C4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 806CF158h
xor     eax, 0D3762954h
add     eax, 864BA8DEh
xor     eax, 0D299AF62h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 8587C668h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 612598BBh
xor     eax, 5EB894E0h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D39059CFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DD8363FBh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8D64BF8Ah
sub     eax, 0C755C79Bh
add     eax, 7D0EEB5Ah
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0EEC27609h
sub     eax, 80A0F291h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 9502FDD5h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 4C355678h
xor     eax, 0E913E9CAh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CC865A86h
add     eax, 84CA8A72h
xor     eax, 0A729C150h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FA7AE514h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0FD421B0Bh
xor     eax, 522DA516h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9BB88110h
sub     eax, 0C73CE83Bh
sub     eax, 0EA531E53h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0E05089ADh
xor     eax, 0D987AC3Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AC7A2CDCh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 39C93308h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 3CF03F67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4FED4153h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0E455CD85h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2A3F3A42h
not     eax
sub     eax, 986AFBECh
add     eax, 199FEC63h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 5692DC63h
add     eax, 30837059h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 867E3FEAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 440D19A3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B9EDA3FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 9FDCED2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5E30B34Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 12E3BF8Fh
add     eax, 88AAFBD2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 592C1E5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8AFBC6B0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0D6CE8F49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FAE3ECC6h
add     eax, 0FBA27FABh
sub     eax, 0DBA18A55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 291B9CB4h
sub     eax, 0FD68853Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 884E1582h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7CE9A562h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 94F3CA83h
sub     eax, 0A2ABD812h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 992E9DF1h
xor     eax, 0A9576163h
xor     eax, 385CAE42h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 4202D90Ah
sub     eax, 0D3A372EBh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8EC11274h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2D333E8Ah
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0A4E14AE2h
not     eax
add     eax, 59C2010Fh
xor     eax, 6C1848A9h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0B8235247h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A67E91C0h
sub     eax, 0DC74EFB9h
sub     eax, 2D763B62h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F85A813Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0AA54932Ah
xor     eax, 8293357Fh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 64658090h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0CC2E2719h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BBD30DEAh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0FB26C5CFh
add     eax, 839120D0h
add     eax, 0B408BF1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DB7443F9h
add     eax, 0AB1E0320h
xor     eax, 1DCFBD47h
xor     eax, 0A6FE104Dh
sub     eax, 0FD77AD80h
xor     eax, 33B515A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A94C7CC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E8250BD1h
add     eax, 9D2A2BFCh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 53658E49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 103B10CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0ABB9C9A5h
sub     eax, 9C09231Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA661431h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 2837E41Eh
xor     eax, 2C218F17h
xor     eax, 24E1A34Ah
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E8ECAE1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F687B1CEh
add     eax, 4C18F414h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 9F77E746h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EEA74118h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 81886BCFh
xor     eax, 0BBFA2DC2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 9AE6C979h
add     eax, 0D85CB2B3h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 16C9F0F3h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 1A21C01Eh
add     eax, 0CFA19FE2h
sub     eax, 0CA0AB42Ah
sub     eax, 0B1592A55h
add     eax, 6BDDA587h
sub     eax, 0C3747C69h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 9027E7E3h
add     eax, 331CEDAFh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0CD621CDEh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 73F7AD46h
add     eax, 0A3FB036Bh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1980E3E0h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 7D5AF996h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2658FF65h
add     eax, 22205AE1h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5F47B55Ch
add     eax, 421479DBh
add     eax, 0DFBE05A0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4869A1DCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0B8621082h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 3EBD4D01h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0AD9FEEB2h
xor     eax, 0F62171B9h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AB66D803h
add     eax, 0AE57B2E6h
sub     eax, 0EFFE293Eh
sub     eax, 13DCC1CDh
xor     eax, 0C0346477h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 25C78B2Dh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 75E5F193h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 76DADED9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D498DC8Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 4CAE2EDBh
add     eax, 0B8560C2Fh
sub     eax, 1655F78Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 112310D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 582F3FE2h
add     eax, 4FC83343h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B85E3B90h
add     eax, 82E435C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 124F523Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0D8941A96h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 8B456428h
sub     eax, 734B03C2h
add     eax, 0B1602236h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 422F82F6h
add     eax, 0CC14F1F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BE736088h
xor     eax, 430A6389h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 69E03E4Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 423FC7CBh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C60D2F9Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BEE72346h
xor     eax, 0F4A1D863h
xor     eax, 8C09DA83h
xor     eax, 7329D7F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AA451758h
sub     eax, 0E21E0B67h
add     eax, 3D029903h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 7CF828A5h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 5111CF24h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0AE24D4D3h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 98B4CABCh
xor     eax, 0C1B8BA0Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0E0EB5EB0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 49A93733h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0A7893740h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A1AFEB72h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 227BB227h
add     eax, 73778A35h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 44E84AD9h
xor     eax, 8933078Fh
xor     eax, 69DF61CFh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0C9B962E1h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0C9D9F081h
sub     eax, 8EF45B14h
sub     eax, 4DB549F7h
add     eax, 42CE3F4Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0B6D6E36Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 85E00163h
add     eax, 0C6718CD6h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5479CC52h
xor     eax, 317CCB96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CEB4DAC3h
sub     eax, 0D72952ECh
not     eax
xor     eax, 36C04558h
sub     eax, 0CC5D14A8h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 97EB9D0Ch
xor     eax, 0EB097A99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 8F11E9BCh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 575B83EFh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0ABB7B246h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D618E275h
xor     eax, 2F135630h
sub     eax, 8B9F5E21h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B576667Ch
sub     eax, 0FF8C50CCh
xor     eax, 7D5C410Fh
add     eax, 21560E54h
sub     eax, 44598EC4h
xor     eax, 98C75684h
sub     eax, 98409293h
not     eax
add     eax, 57744AE3h
sub     eax, 9C7E057Ah
xor     eax, 56B6543Ah
xor     eax, 0EAEFF6F5h
xor     eax, 0ED9170D6h
sub     eax, 8F5702F3h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 6EECC488h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A1BE4674h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0DE0574F0h
add     eax, 0F13D7BD2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 6B6A8164h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C0C66CE9h
xor     eax, 35013D24h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 944D1CB3h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0C009CA51h
xor     eax, 0DDEC99DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0BB11111Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9C041759h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 2F919F23h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0DC66B283h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BE08E314h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0B17BDE1Ch
sub     eax, 0E92A91EFh
add     eax, 3430D7E1h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FD01CD12h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C7D53188h
xor     eax, 78409D91h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 8EA8DFAEh
sub     eax, 58AE68A9h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 35268F50h
add     eax, 0B01726EDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0CB0C05AFh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 98A88E07h
sub     eax, 99260779h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 4DD98D33h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 62097BD4h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7ED41F15h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0BD4F7BFBh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B906D9E3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7A2A2DABh
xor     eax, 67DC9DC7h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0EB6A13D8h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 37966459h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 356B26A8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F6E8BF3Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 67497392h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0CB28EAF2h
xor     eax, 7110BF6Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 43B6D63Fh
xor     eax, 2625663Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 75F2ABD1h
xor     eax, 0C5A12F69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 91074A4Eh
sub     eax, 1D7CB7FBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 45D41CF5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5813DF74h
sub     eax, 29600ED4h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 8CF8F2A9h
add     eax, 97E94C40h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 8CA37EC4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0B159D66Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F38AB053h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 358A0B09h
add     eax, 85F44506h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 13D6FCFDh
xor     eax, 5B5D9069h
xor     eax, 0A0BF7711h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F0B430D0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 1345000Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C7F0597Dh
xor     eax, 9CC33EF3h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B253EC77h
sub     eax, 9B9E99C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 228FB4CEh
add     eax, 8DE961EDh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 460F5D59h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9EF0389Ch
sub     eax, 366293CCh
add     eax, 876D60F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 43E384A0h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0E0463FF3h
sub     eax, 0BEB733DDh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 7EAD1057h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 184FD1A7h
add     eax, 0A8B2BFCFh
add     eax, 0B9458C77h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 636BFCBFh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 10769301h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B8A09815h
add     eax, 0DB9C1EC4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 2B586CD9h
xor     eax, 17F4A1CFh
xor     eax, 0F8A32F29h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0E135C80Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 122C62A7h
xor     eax, 0C5080FCCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 21797B7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 238F5B99h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CA354A36h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8FADAB02h
add     eax, 4D745C12h
sub     eax, 0FFD98318h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 657AC8F1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 2D8118B5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0D1879AB0h
add     eax, 58448CDBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 77EAC886h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0A46ED06Ch
xor     eax, 24438025h
add     eax, 48BF0B0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0D020D846h
xor     eax, 67EDF92Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 4E40E279h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 58BFB0DDh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 5B75D8A5h
xor     eax, 66EAFED7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 83DD5CD3h
add     eax, 575032A4h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 31A78071h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 305B5BD9h
xor     eax, 0E908A5D9h
xor     eax, 2C16CA4Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 3529176Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 489D75F3h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 266BA976h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0BF597234h
xor     eax, 37523EA2h
add     eax, 66BCFA2Fh
sub     eax, 0C4B32394h
add     eax, 0A76E5BB6h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0C00D8DA5h
sub     eax, 0D4CA550Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 4354161Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0E4F7023Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8D01D14Fh
sub     eax, 0E731A4ACh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 77696848h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DBDA8AB9h
xor     eax, 32421E66h
xor     eax, 4089BEC2h
sub     eax, 0D8F80CA8h
xor     eax, 4D0C579Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0CAC4F770h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BC494766h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 54B29638h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 5A0B3F55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AFDCE11Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6A84CAEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9128E873h
sub     eax, 28ED6CD2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 533CA9ECh
not     eax
sub     eax, 18E52D48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0C224DFBAh
xor     eax, 39BC225Ch
sub     eax, 1AAB6FA0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 103635EAh
xor     eax, 7DD092FEh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0B47B5185h
add     eax, 4F12AFF1h
xor     eax, 0E9995F74h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C4E3F4BBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4A4C7B18h
add     eax, 4A043435h
xor     eax, 6AF2F303h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 31F967A6h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0AB4D26ECh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 369EF7F7h
sub     eax, 0ED0AE805h
add     eax, 647E102Ah
sub     eax, 7ED385DAh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 5BE0141Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0B547B1FDh
xor     eax, 87150EC3h
add     eax, 88BC53D2h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 27C0D67Bh
xor     eax, 0ECF13755h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BAEE18FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0FF0119AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D7857427h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0C622C022h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C7C8261Dh
sub     eax, 58256D32h
add     eax, 0F12CA19Ah
sub     eax, 201769BEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 975D80E6h
sub     eax, 23773CCBh
add     eax, 9A02676Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 854931BBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3915D83Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 61DB198Bh
xor     eax, 0FA846247h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 9DAF9CFBh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0CD1094E4h
xor     eax, 86C1D54Eh
xor     eax, 33996BB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0A673175Fh
xor     eax, 6D0360FDh
sub     eax, 691E5906h
add     eax, 0D99C8088h
sub     eax, 5BE0DD2Eh
xor     eax, 0B35696A6h
add     eax, 569C654Eh
xor     eax, 7D3043EDh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 18D51C6Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 58C4B74Bh
add     eax, 56C01B05h
not     eax
xor     eax, 174D6123h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2149C242h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A8900BCh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 860911EAh
xor     eax, 46AEC33Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0C6930D69h
xor     eax, 83E55A92h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0B4A29497h
xor     eax, 0D59BA33Eh
xor     eax, 31723B6Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 22522095h
xor     eax, 0CB7D1455h
sub     eax, 0DDDBF65Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0EE999620h
sub     eax, 51FC7DC1h
sub     eax, 594FCF54h
sub     eax, 0B60164D4h
xor     eax, 102316F5h
sub     eax, 0C0196FF7h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0C7D1374Ch
add     eax, 0BB48F39Ch
add     eax, 614EE2EFh
sub     eax, 537B562Ch
xor     eax, 0C16BC05Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 6EC383D4h
xor     eax, 77E42195h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BAA4DD55h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0B9800C64h
sub     eax, 19AC698Bh
xor     eax, 0E2FA6E00h
sub     eax, 0CF16C46Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 127D6685h
not     eax
sub     eax, 15F22F2Dh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0DF374AAEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D344A629h
add     eax, 9386CED9h
sub     eax, 7F516F0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3580B580h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0B0F33FE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 148F5565h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 27F4B2D1h
add     eax, 4008BA1Ah
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0EBA3FD90h
add     eax, 0B34133BFh
add     eax, 0B4CC60D1h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 55F02763h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B9913D50h
add     eax, 5D55D406h
xor     eax, 20E21C00h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0D8C97B6Dh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4C645BE8h
sub     eax, 0DBA72B50h
sub     eax, 79C3B5C9h
add     eax, 79798229h
sub     eax, 180660FEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 499AFFD6h
sub     eax, 0B295F49Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 6C100F3Ah
sub     eax, 282AEACAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FADA85ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0F5CF7588h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 59B43188h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 81215847h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9170DE41h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 20FC5C1Fh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1F41D527h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C5C76026h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 153470E2h
xor     eax, 0F586D805h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 21B67F85h
add     eax, 358B6E96h
xor     eax, 358172D8h
add     eax, 0EEB744EDh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 52B317FEh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0FCAEAB47h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BCA6E5D0h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0AF1F905Ah
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 9F7C24EBh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9D3A4158h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 3D4D2B23h
sub     eax, 0FFA82C09h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 61B9F8D8h
sub     eax, 66A69C26h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8592B24Bh
add     eax, 0CDBA8A08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 61C55754h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0F947289Fh
xor     eax, 950B27FBh
not     eax
add     eax, 2B991B26h
xor     eax, 0A3612A60h
sub     eax, 0B2EF9A00h
add     eax, 6AEDCB2Fh
add     eax, 66C5F1C5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 49F2CB37h
xor     eax, 0FD753D88h
add     eax, 0D414617Ch
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 91623167h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 2615B23Eh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7C1A6155h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1082B6B3h
xor     eax, 888F07DFh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0D143054Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 7562264Bh
sub     eax, 6954D42Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0E406F27Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 139461BEh
add     eax, 0E811CAF0h
add     eax, 0BACFA3D3h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 42F2DF47h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 61E64954h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 9383ACA0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 9BA6E202h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3E1A2D87h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 7D3EC9D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0B13BD2BAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 14670749h
not     eax
xor     eax, 371F61F9h
xor     eax, 792BBFB8h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0FE9A3F1Dh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 5A5A234Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BD10AE98h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 5F91B961h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 8CDF65DEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 908324BEh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C2DBCBDFh
add     eax, 710A6F4Ch
xor     eax, 835503F6h
add     eax, 35B3A0AEh
sub     eax, 266E77B0h
add     eax, 42D4D34Ah
xor     eax, 353FF2B6h
sub     eax, 4E41D0E4h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0B41809CAh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 611C30C4h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D4ED1A56h
sub     eax, 7E142E95h
add     eax, 0D6D729BBh
xor     eax, 0E7881ACBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C409BAB7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0FC384688h
xor     eax, 0C0254B4Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 351C2B04h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 4EE8A922h
xor     eax, 3FBA0134h
sub     eax, 0BC24921Bh
add     eax, 5F5FD9F8h
xor     eax, 8BF62FA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 2CF90F85h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 9C203120h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A960DCD1h
add     eax, 3818D4B7h
sub     eax, 551D2183h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 2C376B0Dh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 22060B65h
add     eax, 182AF437h
add     eax, 889D664Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 4BC25B2Eh
add     eax, 5D48099Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AEF65C57h
add     eax, 933FDE19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C597D997h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 3C8537EAh
xor     eax, 0E740AB68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A3C843F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7999045Fh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 34C087CAh
add     eax, 0A1121682h
add     eax, 8D5C7348h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1E1DCD3Ch
add     eax, 5654E299h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AB8556C9h
add     eax, 3C70547Bh
xor     eax, 0E3A0D99Dh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 2DB37CF7h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 2AC973D7h
sub     eax, 41BE7DCCh
sub     eax, 6FD85EB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0B82EE940h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B11E44D0h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 50947F7Ch
sub     eax, 621DA329h
sub     eax, 0FD3C3732h
xor     eax, 534066C5h
sub     eax, 0D6B6422Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 8756FDE8h
xor     eax, 0AFA2868Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1EE4F9EDh
sub     eax, 126D6FA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EC279C8Ah
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 6EE2F11Ah
xor     eax, 0CEDFC533h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0EFF160E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 9614D029h
sub     eax, 0FFFAE37Ah
sub     eax, 14926244h
not     eax
sub     eax, 68146AA5h
xor     eax, 39B830F2h
xor     eax, 9F26E49Ch
xor     eax, 0FF03E2A4h
sub     eax, 18B080BEh
not     eax
add     eax, 1C71597Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F8458B97h
sub     eax, 0F8D7614Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BF5B6896h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A18FFD6Bh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 6579FAB2h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 662B56ACh
sub     eax, 43B50DAEh
add     eax, 0BBDE4B24h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 600C5919h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0ED3CE83Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0C7B1A668h
sub     eax, 0F1C07FCBh
add     eax, 307C3828h
add     eax, 0E11B35B7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EDA6BA13h
sub     eax, 0AA937CC5h
add     eax, 9B9D2297h
xor     eax, 97111F4Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 30DD4F7Dh
sub     eax, 0B5D21BD8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 913A8E55h
sub     eax, 0C3E3E387h
xor     eax, 0BD84C866h
add     eax, 1BD31E5Fh
sub     eax, 31E8F347h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BF13159Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AF174FC3h
add     eax, 3A796B9Ch
add     eax, 9781A93Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0EFCDE5B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 3BB3AC12h
add     eax, 0E077A6C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2EA62690h
add     eax, 43FACEE7h
xor     eax, 43463CD5h
sub     eax, 39831768h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0AE4BB67Bh
sub     eax, 98055553h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0FADB70C2h
sub     eax, 4CBAA70Fh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0C5490387h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8A8D5227h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 4E2EFDD1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 40594B92h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 749D1673h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 8F347C40h
add     eax, 39B118C7h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 73459179h
sub     eax, 0A6262888h
add     eax, 125B737Fh
sub     eax, 0DB0C2A40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 84269DEBh
xor     eax, 3959A86Eh
xor     eax, 0F374BCFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A7F156A8h
add     eax, 4FC35D32h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0C870947Ah
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0EB5C1A2Dh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0FB15F2F7h
xor     eax, 3F3030EDh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 9583F294h
sub     eax, 8A6571CDh
add     eax, 0C6478E3Bh
add     eax, 95E6C966h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 43E03118h
sub     eax, 28BF7DEDh
sub     eax, 351B1AA0h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 45A7F6B4h
add     eax, 21A66757h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 4C9E8DD0h
add     eax, 98BE1B5Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0DB827816h
add     eax, 50743E9Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 60C64CCBh
xor     eax, 93D794DAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8030406Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 3EC8A914h
add     eax, 8F4E44D1h
sub     eax, 0A91ECA9Dh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 62CB4F6Dh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0CDCD87F0h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 7EB6AB53h
not     eax
xor     eax, 466D40DBh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 236D51EBh
xor     eax, 2EAF5619h
sub     eax, 46740F8Dh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 531BEC31h
add     eax, 5AAE8767h
add     eax, 18B8DD6Bh
sub     eax, 0E6B25A06h
xor     eax, 0F9EFB962h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BFD9BC3Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 2BD86CF9h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E064FE91h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0CE7E3A49h
not     eax
sub     eax, 625AD47Bh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 5131B80Eh
add     eax, 9C01A71Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0DCE199B4h
add     eax, 4DEC277Eh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C01B15EDh
xor     eax, 2839A276h
sub     eax, 78666C2Eh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0A3B164C9h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 609978A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 15B01DCBh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0EF2148D3h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9C30972Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 1D55CF71h
xor     eax, 62E69191h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0FF9EF1D7h
sub     eax, 6D0DBC97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4D6C8F48h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 7D0C1599h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5DFDFAA9h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C2023198h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3F1CDE5Fh
xor     eax, 7F1B4B6Fh
sub     eax, 0E66B7C12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AEFDF061h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 4BEFDBC9h
xor     eax, 76E61DE9h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 8383B13Bh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 559AD18Ch
xor     eax, 75A71356h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 54AEDD0Ah
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B7FC3D07h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 4206AC25h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6FFC495Ah
add     eax, 54088696h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 50F38E40h
sub     eax, 72357EEFh
add     eax, 3C152688h
add     eax, 4D9EB3BDh
sub     eax, 3DEEE2F4h
sub     eax, 1DCD236Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E46C895Bh
xor     eax, 66215A23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0F624308Ah
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0D992F8CAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0BB401BD4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8F22D2E4h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 62949D76h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 5B7FBAEEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CDEE8802h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0B5F2B2FDh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CF9B40A9h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 6F992879h
xor     eax, 0B4DAB911h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 340663A8h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7202319Fh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 58979449h
add     eax, 0C07980C3h
add     eax, 6D1A0674h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 64ABDE14h
add     eax, 0CF94265Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E7E6D692h
add     eax, 754FAE12h
add     eax, 364901BDh
sub     eax, 0B367F238h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7CA80703h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E69A263Fh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0AC18A5EDh
xor     eax, 0DEF6FDE9h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AF6FD2F0h
add     eax, 0F9BBB2E7h
sub     eax, 2B5B7678h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 23CB78BCh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E53D654h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4C36EF6Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 2D5E44FFh
add     eax, 5FE927F3h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CBDBDF8Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F505772Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9B861497h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7EEED22Bh
xor     eax, 3727EF9Bh
add     eax, 190703AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0F8C51568h
add     eax, 9702E9FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 715A4131h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E074C772h
xor     eax, 863BF8D8h
add     eax, 0F6AB3932h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B8FFAEDCh
add     eax, 9398C424h
add     eax, 474EFB4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E13824BDh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0D1E206DDh
sub     eax, 0D9D341F0h
add     eax, 7C647C93h
xor     eax, 19F05CECh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7D0CCBD9h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 23B57359h
sub     eax, 2B586F9Fh
sub     eax, 0BABDAA4Dh
add     eax, 80E767A5h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 75DBEF7Eh
add     eax, 383F9EBFh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0BD6C13B5h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9DBE2A6Eh
sub     eax, 0E2EBF61Fh
sub     eax, 7719C9FEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 25C1138Dh
xor     eax, 0B26CCA31h
sub     eax, 0D7DBBB18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9B767A94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8DBA9A2Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 7C7309B5h
sub     eax, 0EFA58504h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2CCDDAF5h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 1C299FBBh
xor     eax, 0FF24517Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8E4E27CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 669240ACh
add     eax, 7E7523F7h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0CC156662h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 67B74E14h
xor     eax, 2AD689EEh
add     eax, 0F6954FD3h
xor     eax, 595B2123h
xor     eax, 0B051AB86h
not     eax
add     eax, 75863369h
add     eax, 603A7C02h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 561CAB65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 48627E24h
xor     eax, 2F1B2E69h
add     eax, 6442D484h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0B3D4860Dh
sub     eax, 8D32B901h
xor     eax, 12646CCAh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B1D7EAADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C0057761h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0C8A1EFB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9F6F0D55h
sub     eax, 0E98B95CDh
xor     eax, 38818337h
add     eax, 0B0EE892Bh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 81B31C89h
add     eax, 0AC286FECh
xor     eax, 1E518F4Ah
xor     eax, 0ED7DF22Eh
sub     eax, 6F7FB911h
xor     eax, 0EE6A9155h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 4CA66B32h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0ED7B69C9h
xor     eax, 74936552h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5C3ED9F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CEF06DFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 42F44E8Eh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 412B5127h
xor     eax, 26B4CCF1h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0D98C3902h
sub     eax, 0AF57579Ah
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 429F4AAFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8DD594EFh
sub     eax, 74FA49B4h
sub     eax, 0D6F6385Bh
sub     eax, 23C0C656h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 6D0EE76Dh
add     eax, 3F62CE4Dh
sub     eax, 439BF1F0h
add     eax, 18E89E66h
xor     eax, 0F5BE36AAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0F4B6952Bh
xor     eax, 0EDEE0E4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F8519D0Ah
xor     eax, 18DEDF9Fh
add     eax, 0F6AA448Ch
sub     eax, 0D39D26EEh
sub     eax, 0A759B9FEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 34E913F8h
sub     eax, 0C98DBDA6h
add     eax, 6BF49048h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6463E161h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0A559A2F6h
xor     eax, 0CA52B249h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 6AFB2436h
sub     eax, 80F67282h
sub     eax, 886F469Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0AC91F74Fh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0DAF919FAh
xor     eax, 0A11686A1h
not     eax
add     eax, 8AFE8293h
add     eax, 769250D6h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 44C0867Eh
add     eax, 9F5A1273h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9DCC6B8Fh
add     eax, 0D2698746h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D4825635h
sub     eax, 33D3EED8h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0EAEAC39Eh
xor     eax, 702A2145h
add     eax, 3024E703h
sub     eax, 65B514B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6380E0DAh
add     eax, 0D3F09C7Dh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0A2F189ADh
xor     eax, 801E98BFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 66DA48B2h
add     eax, 275B6F18h
add     eax, 69837EAFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BDEEBE1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 274260BAh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2A2BA75Fh
add     eax, 0EC2C3CABh
add     eax, 4AA853A0h
not     eax
add     eax, 991E8C8Ah
add     eax, 9BBE914Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0DD79C1EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 50820B68h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 802EBA0Dh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 0A6B97491h
sub     eax, 9F581FF0h
xor     eax, 7F1A00CCh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 5BDBB8DDh
xor     eax, 2486A651h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 470269E3h
add     eax, 44F213F8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2906A80Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 50B24EE9h
sub     eax, 6CC828C8h
sub     eax, 342B81C3h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 70F43287h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F8C6D841h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DBEE8855h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 7C94E781h
add     eax, 2E701540h
add     eax, 0E922C20Dh
add     eax, 3925A3A9h
sub     eax, 0B2BE9AD9h
xor     eax, 11C00F47h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0BE748E9Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0F4A829C7h
xor     eax, 0FA29EF6Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AFC31581h
sub     eax, 2FF009E2h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 194FCCEDh
sub     eax, 2388FA1Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0E46B2C08h
xor     eax, 22838ED1h
xor     eax, 0A82731B3h
xor     eax, 0BB02094Bh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 8A962A9Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 82764200h
sub     eax, 9F25450Fh
add     eax, 0D6227006h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 890AE6D5h
add     eax, 66D27B6Ch
sub     eax, 36A34206h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A0A992FEh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0B94C8067h
not     eax
xor     eax, 352F5B10h
add     eax, 0FF39DF9Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0B602823Dh
xor     eax, 4EEF73B7h
sub     eax, 0EF8660B8h
sub     eax, 575162F7h
add     eax, 8F0BB878h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9BC1A19Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0CCCE2147h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 717E54F6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9BDFBF63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1DB539F6h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0B521DA24h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 288EFEE1h
xor     eax, 88FCA2DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C926A197h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A6276CBDh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 7E45E4DBh
xor     eax, 738C343Dh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B1815961h
add     eax, 0A3374B46h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1C58C7CDh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0EA8567E4h
xor     eax, 0D34FF0CFh
xor     eax, 9E44AF95h
xor     eax, 0CD62262Eh
add     eax, 0E4113C32h
not     eax
xor     eax, 372E639Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 47767D19h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 3195ECA2h
sub     eax, 0E3ADF7FDh
xor     eax, 38D16D10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DCBBA7B2h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 8A02BAACh
xor     eax, 2B6219F4h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B9AB469Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0E9A09D3Ch
xor     eax, 91DD70D9h
add     eax, 45BC48A4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9DA379A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C4119D02h
add     eax, 60B0CB87h
sub     eax, 0FBFBD211h
sub     eax, 703E61A6h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 32B4FDCBh
add     eax, 1C9A3153h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 63B86415h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0BC5C6CA6h
add     eax, 0B2CBB762h
add     eax, 54878350h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FA7F905Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DA929067h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1AE6E13Eh
add     eax, 0B5655CEDh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 1591DEB7h
sub     eax, 48C2DE49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2D619A99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C81F1C3Dh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0B332B81Ch
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 12B0CCC8h
add     eax, 0B2BEFAF0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 6D11CB1Eh
add     eax, 2E6298D8h
add     eax, 0BCCA5912h
add     eax, 9FFB2A49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 3A5B8250h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 92C88E1Fh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0B9800B78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E645F8E2h
sub     eax, 2CABD9B2h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 24241418h
sub     eax, 0AABED473h
sub     eax, 0D8B61852h
xor     eax, 2E299991h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 80CAD6B4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2DFA433Eh
xor     eax, 92642087h
xor     eax, 0DAE8AF06h
xor     eax, 15DA6281h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 3417E41Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0C5D8709Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C7FBE938h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 6BE7B4AAh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0C512C929h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A538A440h
add     eax, 56F85761h
sub     eax, 5E7FAC98h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F47D4115h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0EE975460h
add     eax, 35E1A361h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C8588413h
sub     eax, 7BBC9AE3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0C6D1125Fh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 347B7558h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 988D2AD7h
sub     eax, 0FBE18B33h
xor     eax, 0A9FC7786h
add     eax, 7AB7B407h
add     eax, 0AEF256E9h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E493B052h
xor     eax, 0D4913D02h
sub     eax, 0FD0E0D36h
sub     eax, 0BFF0554Ch
add     eax, 5CF9D1A1h
xor     eax, 0AF9D418Bh
add     eax, 907D429Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F7CBAEF3h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 92EEE287h
sub     eax, 0E833290Bh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0F660CE98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CD0CC410h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 1C2B2E14h
xor     eax, 0BD626FEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 206F883Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CF265382h
not     eax
add     eax, 1B150EE9h
sub     eax, 0FE608C3Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0E8774496h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0CA4A85BFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FA050805h
sub     eax, 0F9C343E7h
sub     eax, 786E5956h
xor     eax, 41E0629Bh
add     eax, 66EE4BDAh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 1884F51Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A7C38E2Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 66C21811h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0A74F93DFh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 4B70C0E3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0BD6E20B8h
sub     eax, 7A0B13F4h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0A9D8714Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 1720B03Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 2973CFFDh
xor     eax, 0F2F1E3F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 74D5C2ADh
add     eax, 0BFB2A272h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0B0BEE434h
sub     eax, 2BE3910Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C10BD2A2h
xor     eax, 331C2D9Ah
xor     eax, 0EED57D4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F06EDF7Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 740BF29Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3EDE40A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 634D2C9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C6577F33h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 42C04F44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C9EF6C0Bh
xor     eax, 1D98C752h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0BB69D86Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9D8E043Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0CB4158A1h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7750AC04h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0B60D9518h
xor     eax, 0FE17F1ABh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0E13FAA4Bh
sub     eax, 670E1669h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AB3B5EBBh
add     eax, 90517A9Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 4C6F219Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 67305F77h
add     eax, 8285803Dh
sub     eax, 2324F10Ch
add     eax, 202B2A54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D6CCB6D4h
xor     eax, 771A30CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0D8C0A2BCh
add     eax, 5CF7BE99h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0D2CAF509h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 988F344Eh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F40450C1h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E2098E45h
sub     eax, 0D2D15CB3h
not     eax
add     eax, 8A3B9C77h
add     eax, 2337F6E0h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 85197DF4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 4D0D29A8h
sub     eax, 0C3B382BEh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1C393AADh
sub     eax, 0E1D54FC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7F30FCA9h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB50A821h
xor     eax, 1436707Eh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E07BF672h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 70693F8Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DFCEFFA1h
sub     eax, 0EB4C60B9h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D0A6FE5Bh
add     eax, 0E0837D46h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 5DCF3583h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0D3188697h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5AAC95A5h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0D7E2F442h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 46EC8FB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 19F365ABh
xor     eax, 0F158CD1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A9B377EDh
xor     eax, 508B9DF6h
add     eax, 28CC28F3h
xor     eax, 517604AAh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0BFA9F490h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DA71C5D0h
sub     eax, 6BC9270Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3B2BA603h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A4156C7Ch
xor     eax, 0BAE7A5DAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0F17F08CAh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 5C2777FEh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0CA761ECAh
sub     eax, 3440E94Bh
add     eax, 0E558C9EEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 9252942Dh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A26F00EFh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DDA3C969h
xor     eax, 0BCC7AE53h
sub     eax, 0C25D6912h
xor     eax, 0C84C792Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 5C31A215h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 9039D46Fh
add     eax, 379FCA68h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CCA3851Bh
xor     eax, 0BB533771h
sub     eax, 0FF89A746h
sub     eax, 50C37EE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F401729Dh
sub     eax, 73A3B137h
xor     eax, 61BCBAA9h
xor     eax, 546991F0h
sub     eax, 0E6716195h
xor     eax, 667D6DB7h
add     eax, 0F439038Eh
sub     eax, 0E5E973F0h
sub     eax, 0E064E93Fh
sub     eax, 11D8E67Ah
sub     eax, 7662A8FDh
add     eax, 0EAD110DFh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0EEBF9656h
add     eax, 0E97FF876h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 14034D8Fh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 8E72E24Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 96F4ADCEh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E40C806Fh
sub     eax, 162C8CC8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 927555E3h
add     eax, 0EF7AC586h
add     eax, 6A6A9CA1h
sub     eax, 19D5ABBFh
add     eax, 0C560D7F2h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F866C33Dh
sub     eax, 3D9204B0h
sub     eax, 0BC43CE27h
sub     eax, 745E19E0h
xor     eax, 2F3F1D4Eh
add     eax, 2699A048h
add     eax, 0D26F6BC1h
xor     eax, 7F32F9AFh
xor     eax, 0EC79A741h
add     eax, 32A55DA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0DBD1299Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B10D9006h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 50A1FDB8h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 87DADC2Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 16175660h
not     eax
sub     eax, 45A0E325h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 60F80AC3h
sub     eax, 95DCEAFAh
add     eax, 733DEDF5h
xor     eax, 3B5EEF5Fh
xor     eax, 0C52806B3h
add     eax, 93312600h
sub     eax, 0DCF6DC3Ah
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 5FF554DBh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 113A33EEh
add     eax, 22D3E239h
sub     eax, 0FE5442E7h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 41092912h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 8058BA92h
add     eax, 54A3FD3Dh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 714C2EE8h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0C653593Bh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 5D835B1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0A9BF26A5h
xor     eax, 1211DA33h
sub     eax, 77F37B5Eh
sub     eax, 0D95F26BDh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 68E6BC77h
sub     eax, 0CEC458D2h
xor     eax, 140998B6h
sub     eax, 108C6C97h
add     eax, 24B7EB1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 49149BE4h
not     eax
add     eax, 1221319Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 544B2D9Bh
sub     eax, 0A36A5237h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0AC5CDC30h
add     eax, 6D0C5229h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 3B6E35CEh
sub     eax, 75602F2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0F8115DF7h
sub     eax, 60081700h
add     eax, 25DFE186h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 7D2E7278h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3BC9BAF8h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 73142F49h
xor     eax, 0CC13F45Dh
xor     eax, 93AE6DD1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BAD27FD1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 8EBE67AEh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E8AF9B2Ah
add     eax, 5ECB64A0h
xor     eax, 798CAF08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1A4AA5C2h
add     eax, 32039D0Ch
add     eax, 37B3F3DAh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AFB6198Ah
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D85441A6h
sub     eax, 6E5C4FB0h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 87945DF2h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0C8315DB4h
add     eax, 0E425CA7Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D025859h
add     eax, 398E348Ah
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 51B19C7Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 57CFADDDh
sub     eax, 114E1C8Ch
sub     eax, 6865F047h
not     eax
add     eax, 644EA397h
sub     eax, 918B7A01h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A7B93CD4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 547D82BBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C1C68814h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 97F748F9h
sub     eax, 358FB298h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 8F508DD7h
sub     eax, 0A2B5558Ch
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 21D2C389h
sub     eax, 0E3B8D9D7h
xor     eax, 3B60D31Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 218E02ECh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0A1F4B7DEh
sub     eax, 0DCF085FFh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 86FE8F35h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4B23428Bh
add     eax, 0A9379896h
add     eax, 0F8ABA5B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 14C1C6ABh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4E684F1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2E31AAF0h
add     eax, 6CDD042Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 54591F59h
sub     eax, 3DCBDC3Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 2BDD9DA3h
xor     eax, 0D6B04515h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0E9528922h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0D7529295h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 6D48344Fh
add     eax, 7C9D3860h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9863FCC8h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 6EA3A8D4h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0CF2B4306h
sub     eax, 0C8549D34h
add     eax, 0BA680BBFh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0BC98B76Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D3102391h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 89FE29E3h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 9105BEE2h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 74296774h
sub     eax, 0DDDC0257h
add     eax, 172E0AE5h
add     eax, 47CF3301h
sub     eax, 8F3CF53Eh
xor     eax, 22A76502h
add     eax, 582B0DBDh
sub     eax, 920CFF70h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0AF5253C1h
sub     eax, 0DBB9536Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 7BD6634Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 75A33473h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 2C5FB71Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0EC0982F2h
add     eax, 1799154Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0B8B339C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EFD1A9E2h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 4B2E769Eh
sub     eax, 3A374F06h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E9941B83h
xor     eax, 63F8D4EBh
add     eax, 0E99C0628h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 2165616Eh
add     eax, 9D19637Ah
xor     eax, 7D62C05Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8A366F74h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 7551DC19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 7FC2CF87h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F71FC8B5h
xor     eax, 471622E0h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0CB6AB6B4h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 7F43DCDDh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0FDC6713Ch
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 78AF81DBh
xor     eax, 0C8AE3213h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BEBDAF79h
xor     eax, 0AD80625Ch
sub     eax, 329EE196h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9F78435Dh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 86408EA3h
xor     eax, 16BB83B8h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 64F08459h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3D3ADB71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9BE6C34Fh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0A189F898h
add     eax, 1F72083Ch
xor     eax, 43A8ADBDh
sub     eax, 49CAB308h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 93167030h
xor     eax, 6502C1A0h
sub     eax, 5178AB55h
add     eax, 5B9AB987h
xor     eax, 4CF0DC62h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0E73ED61Dh
add     eax, 84C7009Eh
add     eax, 4CAACF71h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5C4517E0h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 98217B43h
xor     eax, 0AB81F370h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8946C1A3h
xor     eax, 53A12718h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 5C54F9C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A93C1B21h
sub     eax, 6E9B0D58h
sub     eax, 0FD3FC056h
xor     eax, 48815DF0h
add     eax, 0D9B20DBFh
add     eax, 5FBB2F42h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 5F9D0529h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0FC9A9531h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 9323E598h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0E0169F5Ch
sub     eax, 0D8B77ED8h
sub     eax, 0EF90528Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 20F7BB4Bh
xor     eax, 5AB50439h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E0BC370Dh
sub     eax, 78BE6DADh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 91832E35h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AA15BB6Ah
sub     eax, 0EC46F5C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 37BC3BDAh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 62B6FD22h
add     eax, 1A432DD7h
add     eax, 4B6EAEF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FBDB0576h
xor     eax, 65792AD9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0EE0F49FBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2AF9858Dh
xor     eax, 649C943Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 70C4999Bh
xor     eax, 4EC5275Fh
sub     eax, 8F26CEEEh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 7898BCCAh
xor     eax, 0D9C5D23Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0DB29D352h
add     eax, 13FBE785h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 2FB92859h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A4E46F10h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BAE93592h
xor     eax, 5FE8D457h
sub     eax, 259051E0h
xor     eax, 0DDB2237Eh
add     eax, 0AFED2FA7h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0BD9EB3B3h
xor     eax, 6DE9279Ch
sub     eax, 1D5FE83Fh
sub     eax, 6FB2B185h
add     eax, 0A8C6AD5Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0C524C592h
xor     eax, 0D650FA9Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 118232F8h
sub     eax, 0EEC55C38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9B3596F4h
sub     eax, 160A6D99h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0EFE4A414h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3F6D3B6Ah
sub     eax, 71CF30E3h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9BF561E6h
xor     eax, 0A0922FFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 1FC944BBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F3833F74h
not     eax
xor     eax, 10EDA855h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1FAF292Ch
xor     eax, 5DBE5F34h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0AC5D7805h
sub     eax, 6E74D68Ch
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0F30CE8D0h
add     eax, 7AC50203h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D1F19919h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 442E9526h
add     eax, 5F38E8CBh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 67551A44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3014359Ah
xor     eax, 0A7B772D2h
xor     eax, 0CC08DEB4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 99A5AEE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0C1208CD3h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 8D227ABCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F7918FFCh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 26081069h
not     eax
xor     eax, 624714CEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D677F77Eh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 433ACC63h
sub     eax, 1CFCB4B8h
add     eax, 40BABA7Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F30C57EBh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2958F324h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0D7D8C01Dh
add     eax, 725EE9C7h
sub     eax, 58288F14h
add     eax, 0A6BFD190h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0ED3C3285h
sub     eax, 9992CC54h
sub     eax, 0F9FA2156h
sub     eax, 1FAC8D8Eh
add     eax, 67AF8FA8h
xor     eax, 0D74E9933h
add     eax, 6B0B018Ch
add     eax, 405DE110h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C66015B9h
add     eax, 0D807A69Eh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 445B48E6h
add     eax, 7A60DE99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AEA7C7F2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 72A99AC8h
xor     eax, 0E38746D4h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0A8569AC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2E089361h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 50608574h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 849F4333h
sub     eax, 0B55E7FE9h
xor     eax, 0ED1D5C1Ch
add     eax, 3EDCF3C9h
xor     eax, 673F0E91h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AF0E16E4h
sub     eax, 953A8244h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D2767C54h
sub     eax, 7741CC71h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 8AA7F670h
xor     eax, 5AF87A4Dh
sub     eax, 47292D9Fh
xor     eax, 5A3084ACh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2AEB463Fh
sub     eax, 0E2FB3157h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 8DF17C84h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A7AF90D5h
sub     eax, 4EDB3358h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 3EF13590h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0C65E3363h
sub     eax, 0ED9C17C6h
sub     eax, 57109AEFh
sub     eax, 0A69394BCh
add     eax, 713AB907h
sub     eax, 3A6F5049h
sub     eax, 0E080220Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C154919Ah
sub     eax, 0DC0E123Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 47056D53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CA6A07DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 51CC3155h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 6693EDB6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 308E42F7h
add     eax, 14E8505Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 7976F4E7h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0F991BD5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FBDA7A3Bh
add     eax, 82BF102Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 8D1056DCh
add     eax, 5769F74Bh
xor     eax, 565294DCh
sub     eax, 86CA2481h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0E3EB0772h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2945B4A6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4AEFF459h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A3B98DA4h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0B76A34EBh
sub     eax, 4B260766h
xor     eax, 9AFE9C71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4E06D229h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7005A47Dh
add     eax, 30011123h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2076BEEFh
not     eax
add     eax, 218BA353h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 7A6ADBB6h
xor     eax, 0C520DEBBh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0AA0CA621h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 17A0DC59h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0CE366542h
xor     eax, 89608267h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 8AB7BC5Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 115D9F66h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8FFED5CCh
sub     eax, 124F06DBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 19486A52h
add     eax, 7191E760h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A93B6D02h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E5C95FB3h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 97B6DE4Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0E62A4FD1h
add     eax, 1961A488h
sub     eax, 36244A78h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CCE3D450h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 6D5CED69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 48562B7Dh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BCAE8743h
add     eax, 88E6AE98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 62D7B70Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4D981298h
xor     eax, 57E27C3Eh
xor     eax, 31B92400h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9AE18085h
sub     eax, 41E0DFD9h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 28A1816Ch
xor     eax, 2CA14CDDh
xor     eax, 9C0C175Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 265D9A6Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B5209EB7h
xor     eax, 41E138E4h
xor     eax, 14A22C6Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 22B8F87Dh
add     eax, 0D14D51D2h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0F98519B1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 9E6C7D20h
sub     eax, 69B2018Dh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 358287B8h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0E5A57939h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 8A0B2D3Bh
sub     eax, 0A6EF5790h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 524F321Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 2D68E1DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 83A3496Dh
xor     eax, 124C8E10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C9FBA528h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B95E51BDh
xor     eax, 124BA553h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A4FCB8E0h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 2E6ADBFDh
not     eax
add     eax, 42B3A15Eh
xor     eax, 63247801h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0EE6B7341h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AEB5E1F6h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0E46902DEh
sub     eax, 34A32B93h
add     eax, 9E6324C1h
xor     eax, 0B980DCCCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0DA99CDE8h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0CF0C33C2h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 5859486Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C3F14C39h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 4FEE7E52h
xor     eax, 4CF3B210h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 71CAF494h
sub     eax, 0F2AC9902h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C69C8719h
sub     eax, 6E555AC0h
xor     eax, 0AE2BAADFh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 16D48504h
sub     eax, 6DC9B1ABh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A8FB941Fh
add     eax, 0FAAB59E6h
xor     eax, 3D1A4F3Ah
add     eax, 13C4957Ch
xor     eax, 0BFA25173h
add     eax, 799F5507h
xor     eax, 0FF4DBD90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 21695458h
add     eax, 9FA28AFAh
sub     eax, 2896BF89h
sub     eax, 599081FCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DFF648DBh
add     eax, 10A4D57Bh
sub     eax, 63E3CAF9h
sub     eax, 63F8FE63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 63E2D6E1h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0A587C2AEh
xor     eax, 6D10AFCBh
xor     eax, 86E7E3C2h
xor     eax, 636C1122h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 57BB28DDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5048387Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8108BE0Fh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0EA9FD304h
add     eax, 64726725h
xor     eax, 61B7ABF6h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 37AF0248h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0E8690A00h
xor     eax, 0EC319550h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0C5E77029h
add     eax, 0F17515BBh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0A23D0995h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1598FFFCh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0F637E3E5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 97F6BBF6h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 708F1F0Ah
xor     eax, 0C1847925h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 149D9B29h
sub     eax, 0C73BCBA2h
add     eax, 0C133908Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 9BF13CB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7989A144h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 1F258FF0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 53B76C54h
not     eax
sub     eax, 886999CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DD8EE652h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 114B7906h
xor     eax, 0F360244Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0E013DE70h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 41DA2A3Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 510E2682h
add     eax, 167325CDh
sub     eax, 5FB1DF72h
add     eax, 9DF28881h
sub     eax, 4D9F3AF9h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C835E43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 79E61F0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 70330E8Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 6003E3D8h
sub     eax, 58D0025Ah
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0A064B9ADh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 703B0B94h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 747360A9h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 34D0A5F2h
xor     eax, 0ADF8D5ECh
xor     eax, 0EAC1AC3Ch
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7B88943Eh
xor     eax, 726B2F6Bh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 66FEC43Eh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AA5A6BF2h
add     eax, 0F7FD5AD6h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C5DA4082h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4435FCE6h
xor     eax, 13380BC8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D115486Fh
xor     eax, 0A09AE596h
sub     eax, 0F08F5221h
add     eax, 4FDDAD63h
xor     eax, 507F7248h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8FC2970Eh
add     eax, 0DE7F47BCh
not     eax
add     eax, 79A8185Eh
xor     eax, 59B33859h
add     eax, 9BC91D29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5B539555h
sub     eax, 461936ADh
not     eax
add     eax, 1A17AE8Ch
add     eax, 2D3EE879h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 5C52F33Ah
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0A62822EBh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1E1B6A55h
add     eax, 9839F9F8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 845F92BDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4F4959B5h
add     eax, 51648698h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 99CA5FB8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 42D0EE49h
add     eax, 3115675Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 8B4A7246h
sub     eax, 82D8ADC7h
add     eax, 893CD5C2h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0B6303F10h
sub     eax, 6F28A9E5h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2852DF5Ch
xor     eax, 2C405BA7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6E52544Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 184034D3h
add     eax, 10EDF72Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B7F39A19h
add     eax, 664F6FDBh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2D48625Bh
sub     eax, 6FEC97CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0BC4DBF2Ah
add     eax, 0E2AF3C2Dh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 1E42D74Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 278755CBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 41C5E1B2h
xor     eax, 7B435215h
xor     eax, 5BC637FBh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0D00F25E8h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 1149B8CAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 31B4C591h
add     eax, 53157C03h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D2121BDEh
sub     eax, 11A01857h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0D3B39178h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DAB6ECC4h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 32EDEBFEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0F22EAD66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A17FDEC1h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9D287325h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 9EFDAF1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 744E358Ch
sub     eax, 91825D83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 58661B56h
add     eax, 0D936A518h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7B817E8Dh
sub     eax, 0DD3EE696h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C2B3E929h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2F6F8CB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 910C698Bh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0AD80A6D9h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 83C0F30Ah
xor     eax, 68B46ABAh
add     eax, 3D35194Ah
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0CEAECFDDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 996BA596h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 39B85BE0h
sub     eax, 43CEE5C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0BEFF0A09h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 143BFC69h
sub     eax, 0EE26A7B4h
xor     eax, 70C47288h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 980CC059h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 5287EC54h
sub     eax, 8EC5D13Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E6813BDDh
add     eax, 0BC9FCB53h
add     eax, 1E5D0CC7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 38E6F7B5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 74E65753h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A792FDDh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 6C5814B8h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0D6881F22h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 84463F71h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 13AB2A36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BCC5FAB8h
sub     eax, 0B43292AEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0ECD0ED12h
xor     eax, 0E284781Ah
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0BE53DD92h
add     eax, 0B6493975h
add     eax, 49B9D83Eh
add     eax, 0F0330443h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2ADCEBB8h
add     eax, 0C87066AFh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 67696CD0h
sub     eax, 10A6C2A4h
add     eax, 3E6AF4C4h
sub     eax, 0CED08D20h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 1CDB18D8h
xor     eax, 0C9F8D9EFh
not     eax
add     eax, 1B0B8913h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C5D5E968h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 2ED80A5Bh
sub     eax, 0E3256653h
add     eax, 68A70F4Bh
sub     eax, 3BA94D0Ch
add     eax, 0C4C536E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B829E68Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C9DBF589h
xor     eax, 2EA26FA7h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0C4AAC28Ch
sub     eax, 637E13BDh
xor     eax, 10C09A73h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D2CB007Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 22C3E7DEh
add     eax, 0C361F26Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0B6D2B64Bh
xor     eax, 3890B8BCh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0A4C1F548h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 93E893BCh
xor     eax, 1298C1F0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 94E09094h
sub     eax, 3C523A74h
sub     eax, 0F4C8ED6Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 330351FCh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0A906919Ah
sub     eax, 0F4EC5D4Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 951BE687h
xor     eax, 0C9263A6Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 6E65CC5Ah
add     eax, 0B778A79Fh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0BC4D18CCh
add     eax, 0F732E52Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 4D67ACD2h
sub     eax, 72B5839Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E0551BB0h
xor     eax, 46700115h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0A1A799F5h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A8CD01A1h
add     eax, 4FE42004h
xor     eax, 0B9A9699Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 4BC61231h
add     eax, 3D07736Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0F5C67D29h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0EEA7C76Bh
xor     eax, 45F079F3h
xor     eax, 6EE2C58Eh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 60DFFC25h
xor     eax, 0CAE0CA21h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FA0B73FEh
xor     eax, 0B5B81353h
sub     eax, 0E2F9AF99h
add     eax, 70C08FDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2B095BA9h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 57B196E3h
xor     eax, 10136C4Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0EAF8C656h
xor     eax, 9357CCA8h
xor     eax, 0F53781EFh
add     eax, 9D6EAB83h
sub     eax, 0F5EDBF0Dh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0DE8BC48Bh
add     eax, 2B2318A8h
sub     eax, 0BC8B16AAh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0DFED6123h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 76E937ABh
sub     eax, 0F439F704h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E363097Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5E45E377h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0DA79C73Ah
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ED990AABh
xor     eax, 6E019E31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 597FC12Ch
sub     eax, 913DFC7Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0A7A9FF87h
sub     eax, 7F508AD5h
add     eax, 9465CE15h
xor     eax, 7B41F99Ah
sub     eax, 6DFD0774h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0DD087CF5h
add     eax, 0CFB5217Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C43D41Bh
sub     eax, 99E3BCDAh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 132A4DC9h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 99798AE1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0B927FA86h
add     eax, 3866EBFEh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 58FDA7AAh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0D7CD6F50h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0E5462C1Eh
add     eax, 0C9B0DDCAh
add     eax, 0D5A0C925h
add     eax, 970F5E0Fh
sub     eax, 0FE13F2AEh
xor     eax, 0A20CDDE9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 96A72C38h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4E8D6BA6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 2BA2ADC0h
add     eax, 1C380FF2h
xor     eax, 48995A81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 932AED22h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F0110918h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C319D663h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0D6B494F9h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 4EE52530h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 4EF53494h
xor     eax, 8BB9FC59h
sub     eax, 85A478DBh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 95A6DF39h
xor     eax, 63326BADh
not     eax
sub     eax, 71548A6Ch
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 153589DCh
sub     eax, 0BE1DE0C9h
sub     eax, 2586482Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 3DFE352Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB4EA8D3h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 510DB987h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 186EEEDBh
add     eax, 26E701EAh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 5928763Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0FD50CC8Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F2858512h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 11474188h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7FC60F94h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 8B2C0726h
xor     eax, 19794BE6h
sub     eax, 1F9C5FE6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 95975294h
sub     eax, 0E14BFF75h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 5D9E138Bh
sub     eax, 0C83FE6A3h
xor     eax, 1F0BBA25h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 603B164Ah
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A36CD146h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0DF4E2807h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BB26AED5h
sub     eax, 0C9A85CC0h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 3992AF80h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 50D82F73h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0C7AB4208h
xor     eax, 92C0C1DCh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0E933FB8Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 8FE8F44Ah
add     eax, 8343ADD7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F4AB8ABBh
add     eax, 74A03D78h
add     eax, 8FE8D3F7h
add     eax, 0FAA0979Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E31D1252h
xor     eax, 0AB889E18h
add     eax, 9D7D9F6Eh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 93DE2C13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A87A70C6h
add     eax, 0E7132C83h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 86CD2B97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 169FFA70h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0D45E8C60h
sub     eax, 0D23839FAh
add     eax, 72F30000h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 5EC111DBh
sub     eax, 0C9050C84h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0D5A807AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 776CD437h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 1E68D2CFh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 5573B949h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 4F197A5Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B7F5F88Bh
sub     eax, 7C78BBE7h
xor     eax, 38530C1Ah
sub     eax, 149F88E7h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0F74CF248h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0BC4FEF04h
xor     eax, 52D945C7h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CAC084B9h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0B832045Fh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 163051D0h
xor     eax, 2A3DF3C0h
add     eax, 0D6956C44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CEA21047h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 6E5EBD92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E30EBCCDh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0A3B55D8Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0AAE6BD56h
xor     eax, 365948F8h
add     eax, 8B7E1399h
xor     eax, 310ECECDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 4666C84Dh
sub     eax, 9FFE1179h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0E8E06214h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 43B2EF6Ch
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 1D7410E3h
sub     eax, 0FDF9C4D4h
not     eax
add     eax, 7F10A697h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 94D8583Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C0B3D98Fh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 4DFA4443h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 44662A28h
xor     eax, 823FC9BBh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0B8338ED1h
add     eax, 0EADFC5E6h
add     eax, 0EC1CF72Ch
sub     eax, 704A717Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 61218055h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0A31CDF48h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 25030491h
add     eax, 0D02F4362h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9E18FE2Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D35B65BAh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0B5BF0AF9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0EAE24515h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0BD77B82Bh
add     eax, 0A18C57CCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 282B209Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 216D8C8Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 86704B35h
xor     eax, 83068909h
add     eax, 0BAF5CAB2h
not     eax
add     eax, 655008A1h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 35846518h
xor     eax, 0EB7CC225h
add     eax, 0F262D56Fh
add     eax, 877DA91Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2A661CC1h
xor     eax, 0FF573E42h
add     eax, 0E8401069h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E5D7D2D6h
sub     eax, 0C1F47414h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 3C58CA43h
xor     eax, 0C22A5D03h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 3D0AC993h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9EDF909Eh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 38522C5Ah
add     eax, 0C9DEA99Eh
sub     eax, 1E0236C2h
sub     eax, 0AE6C9603h
add     eax, 731645F4h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 8DD61A6Dh
add     eax, 50354202h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A6B5CFC4h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A5D0FD60h
add     eax, 0EBDB0785h
sub     eax, 7197388Ch
add     eax, 3C592615h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 56E82BA6h
xor     eax, 8681F56Dh
sub     eax, 39575F8Fh
add     eax, 47E29CF1h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 18834326h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0F08DF47Eh
sub     eax, 0B867D1A1h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3EA67C28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 42F19648h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 170D5CF1h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0DACD74DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F74D6BEAh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 2B3A29C4h
add     eax, 0EFA7F515h
sub     eax, 971563F1h
add     eax, 0BFCE510Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 57478050h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CD02F9CFh
sub     eax, 7D343AEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DAEF15AEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5025F5FEh
xor     eax, 0C476B85Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 71DDD9B8h
add     eax, 0C0636518h
not     eax
xor     eax, 75EFC1A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0BBA5B720h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 88B9CD99h
add     eax, 0EF86619Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 64B0EFA1h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 19E1A9E1h
xor     eax, 0A534B3B3h
sub     eax, 72ADAE08h
xor     eax, 0BB8D7285h
sub     eax, 0AAB0FD6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E5634389h
xor     eax, 9ABE3B25h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 20272899h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B00402A8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3C408E9Eh
xor     eax, 82A71C12h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 6556A842h
add     eax, 0A5C6BB59h
sub     eax, 0A2F2E40Dh
sub     eax, 51B39108h
sub     eax, 0BF0384C6h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0F1F085E4h
sub     eax, 166490AFh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 9E9CE536h
add     eax, 0C71C73C9h
sub     eax, 471E3D00h
add     eax, 0A19708C9h
add     eax, 1628CB82h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 13782823h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 4F86194Ah
sub     eax, 7C1CA6A3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9E72D635h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1C2DC5FCh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5D8EBCC8h
add     eax, 0FB84B7FEh
add     eax, 0A53F6269h
xor     eax, 34A054DAh
sub     eax, 0D4535C08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 7C731984h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D90DF362h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0FF84F175h
add     eax, 0F7ECEB45h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0E553DC18h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9E7BD168h
xor     eax, 81B80B2Fh
xor     eax, 0F799AE06h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 271EFE98h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D65B2BE1h
xor     eax, 0C6945664h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0F3AE636Ah
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 96D82712h
xor     eax, 0AAA72AE8h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0C7077D8Ah
sub     eax, 2364A342h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C4650CADh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 584684F7h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BD7F494Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D6BB4925h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 7F4BCEB2h
add     eax, 0A272E48Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 30697F7Ch
add     eax, 0BDF7A7F3h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0AE8653FFh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7E050235h
sub     eax, 0F0AB9DB8h
add     eax, 33C7AAE2h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 793448F6h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 1759AE5Ch
xor     eax, 0FADA5F29h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4DADC17Ah
xor     eax, 0AE810325h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C31E1D37h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B3C2F611h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 982B7FD3h
sub     eax, 1A7C531Fh
xor     eax, 0DB9FCBD4h
sub     eax, 0EED7D4D9h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 71AFD76Fh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 181C6FF7h
sub     eax, 63D0044Bh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0EBB43DAEh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B0A7DB48h
xor     eax, 0C0375FECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EFFAB146h
xor     eax, 0B6E71AEBh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0F3691837h
add     eax, 0D5BDDA0Eh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C5116CD7h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 18EAC446h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 9390F88Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0AAD8E070h
add     eax, 0B342D534h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 41CD0F10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D0FE6C16h
xor     eax, 0C98ACC1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 1F6239BEh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F9D4E66Fh
sub     eax, 12E7D886h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0A92A533Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C5F24BB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 81572697h
xor     eax, 0C012793Eh
sub     eax, 758AA7F9h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E8786EF4h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 65479DE5h
add     eax, 0C3C3B6C3h
sub     eax, 0BA57B5ADh
xor     eax, 5D07FF53h
add     eax, 2315352Ah
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 6B9C84FAh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 2196E808h
sub     eax, 4620439Dh
sub     eax, 525CA58Ah
sub     eax, 0B5A41D92h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 59C9344Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0D5DCD280h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8E3E6088h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9F26E553h
sub     eax, 300F5C94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 42006C86h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 1937CABBh
not     eax
add     eax, 0FBC94BDFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1CB4485Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 26947ABFh
xor     eax, 0EDB9C8BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 31E1CD06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E41DFCECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 79B67267h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 7DBC072Ah
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9A50D899h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 985358A4h
xor     eax, 0B38C33E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BD8F73A4h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 63492EF2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B3804186h
add     eax, 74D324F8h
add     eax, 9E8A115Fh
sub     eax, 0DACB4413h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4EB61241h
xor     eax, 5C77BE42h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 414CA0F1h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 348BD156h
sub     eax, 0BE76CB55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AC4AE9CCh
sub     eax, 2AD3624Ch
add     eax, 27B5A269h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0B16BB4CEh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 773C2900h
not     eax
sub     eax, 36C98CDFh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FAA5EB0Bh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 7CCF462Fh
xor     eax, 885B2212h
add     eax, 8C312C80h
xor     eax, 49EFAD05h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D76842E3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C8039475h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E8428B73h
sub     eax, 926F5854h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0ACEADDAAh
sub     eax, 53A67A13h
add     eax, 0AB95B51Dh
add     eax, 45431AC8h
sub     eax, 0B31AE16Fh
xor     eax, 0DB8E5E62h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 53EC0179h
xor     eax, 19670B45h
add     eax, 2B165CDFh
add     eax, 0FFABD26Eh
add     eax, 99FC2BE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0CA553D38h
sub     eax, 8AEC49B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 29567841h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 96351243h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 9236A565h
add     eax, 0FB774D4Fh
sub     eax, 6363E685h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 245211E8h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 91754CEFh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DB8C40E4h
xor     eax, 0B87037DDh
add     eax, 53C8DAEEh
sub     eax, 0BF9A9BD1h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3EF21759h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0A9BAE70Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1B009968h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A3C86514h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 94DE1A39h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0F61BA4D9h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 97DCC086h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F4EB3E10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2C5E3060h
xor     eax, 0ABA746E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B46B3FDFh
xor     eax, 0CEFEE55Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B98933C9h
xor     eax, 0BC288E39h
xor     eax, 6DF4588Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0E6E59E40h
sub     eax, 0F983A28Bh
add     eax, 0C5757571h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 9C78EECAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7FEB01A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 334B8041h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 17FCA7D6h
add     eax, 634E7727h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0E43CDDE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 9B26E177h
sub     eax, 0F19AF22Dh
add     eax, 0B303CB5Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 8F79EF45h
xor     eax, 0E52BE283h
add     eax, 8FB54B0Bh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 1D96BC81h
add     eax, 0BCBAE186h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 244C7287h
xor     eax, 7A965403h
xor     eax, 47D9C7D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 261D3EA7h
sub     eax, 25772A65h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C5D11757h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 83495257h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E374F387h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 3F91C99Ah
xor     eax, 6537ED22h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 88B3432Ch
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 30EFCF0Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 59853167h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 9226AEB2h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 612D2063h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E81D1FE3h
xor     eax, 2BAFB427h
sub     eax, 97FE7F7Fh
sub     eax, 5B9D0DF2h
sub     eax, 8E5DC5BAh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 96E626E8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 10AA1D07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 208551C7h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0DF370227h
xor     eax, 0A09AE09Fh
xor     eax, 8B70B721h
xor     eax, 0EB710747h
xor     eax, 0DF7235FAh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 8E008F3Bh
sub     eax, 714AC6CBh
sub     eax, 9EFC74B1h
add     eax, 25D7E90Bh
xor     eax, 906CCCC3h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 16714230h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 870DED85h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B87B858Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0DD6A87A7h
xor     eax, 8BAAA660h
not     eax
add     eax, 9DDF46FCh
xor     eax, 0A4B044F9h
add     eax, 471E579Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7D6C845Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0FD5C607Fh
sub     eax, 0F0BD4876h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 76B0A91Ch
xor     eax, 0CFAE0202h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0CD1CDEBFh
add     eax, 4B43872Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0C7E91CE2h
add     eax, 0F5DF3BF1h
sub     eax, 3ADFF8F4h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 9E1B0032h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0A5E78F9Fh
add     eax, 96324345h
not     eax
add     eax, 8B51AD8Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0B68DCA3Bh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 0A91DE445h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 3DFB465Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 9FA564B1h
add     eax, 710505E4h
add     eax, 0FA5B1686h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EDA95B1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 8DE0B959h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EAEDD794h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0B50246E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C1F69289h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 8BF96224h
xor     eax, 125A985Ch
add     eax, 5273E8D3h
sub     eax, 0C5595D15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B733CA3Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0D935F992h
sub     eax, 0C356FE7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 829F79F0h
sub     eax, 9FAD5172h
xor     eax, 0D6B83F48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 2EAB90D1h
sub     eax, 360EE6DCh
xor     eax, 1FBE88A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3647195Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 1185F7B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8014E190h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 8C82C847h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0AD82A3C1h
add     eax, 0D18E1688h
add     eax, 0C99B7B0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 395D3BA2h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0A96804D8h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BA0A817Ah
xor     eax, 350D9DF2h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 79B542EFh
add     eax, 0DEF5D99Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0F27F1209h
xor     eax, 0C9FA70EEh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0F7D52A95h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 68A07F85h
xor     eax, 0AAEFDD14h
xor     eax, 16087511h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 94F6FD85h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0C3D542FBh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CC26A823h
add     eax, 0A2AC3224h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 36915883h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 6C4F4554h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0C767BC24h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 1C9707C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0EE515B61h
add     eax, 0D413E26Eh
xor     eax, 0B27C9C3Ch
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0D198E77Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E64A8BCFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 135B5652h
xor     eax, 311E9926h
sub     eax, 9B762B8Fh
sub     eax, 6AABE5A9h
xor     eax, 501492A3h
xor     eax, 13800CBBh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 7CA054DCh
sub     eax, 0AB1E3A2Ah
add     eax, 6BE1EFEAh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0D6C10F33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C1E2A1E3h
sub     eax, 4DB7BDB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0B27FBFF2h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 66E5ECC2h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 465C1073h
xor     eax, 0A770D562h
add     eax, 1D384343h
sub     eax, 4C78FA6Eh
sub     eax, 0C9076F07h
sub     eax, 97200AE0h
add     eax, 6276B777h
sub     eax, 0F6006C32h
sub     eax, 0F91B55BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C0EE5B7Eh
sub     eax, 284BA440h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2C9FEFA5h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 183A5C15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 8DD01CEAh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0E6CF338Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4C5354A5h
xor     eax, 306E5475h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 7FDF08DFh
xor     eax, 8B01D879h
sub     eax, 0B21C4B61h
xor     eax, 8C6DFDE1h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0D1B6591Ch
sub     eax, 0B3862F06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 46BA6262h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6D1C3559h
sub     eax, 0E3E6149Fh
sub     eax, 0AFAC4E6Ch
add     eax, 0BBBAB601h
sub     eax, 7AEBF54Eh
sub     eax, 9E55FB10h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5B34804Fh
add     eax, 9E30A650h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1241F1CCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 63803329h
xor     eax, 61766465h
add     eax, 9BFA23EDh
add     eax, 8C7D032Eh
add     eax, 7B482022h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 16607005h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0EA4AF272h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0E5AA64CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 792E83E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 17FBCAACh
xor     eax, 0E1F67FB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 14EE4DD6h
sub     eax, 0F7966854h
add     eax, 620AA166h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0E0D75BB1h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0BDEB263Fh
xor     eax, 25E6CBC7h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C68FB1F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F438E258h
xor     eax, 8FC71BC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0BFEB70E9h
xor     eax, 53219227h
sub     eax, 370A7649h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6C34E19Eh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0C31A0396h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 1D1A3DC1h
sub     eax, 0ED0084FAh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0BAB716F7h
add     eax, 0FBD97F65h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0E5D8AC08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 4A885FF8h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 737F004Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D771DFE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 696A457Eh
sub     eax, 3CD58791h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1CE1F2F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 14D99130h
add     eax, 0A251DF78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 26718FB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0DC5CA826h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 77E49361h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B3BA7AF0h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7CC56D4h
xor     eax, 45FF9DECh
xor     eax, 7C77D500h
not     eax
add     eax, 6DEDE23Dh
add     eax, 0AC37A2FBh
sub     eax, 0D02F589Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 89D57694h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 573798F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EFE30FD9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FB441B44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8EAE7C75h
sub     eax, 6BA517E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BEC03B0Dh
add     eax, 99C3BBFEh
sub     eax, 8546CB67h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 86B36828h
sub     eax, 43525A44h
sub     eax, 81162188h
add     eax, 90B48288h
sub     eax, 0BBEC83F0h
add     eax, 0FCB7D7E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5A1CCF5Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 6286F386h
xor     eax, 0A679266Fh
sub     eax, 6C7DD956h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0ABB1C723h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0B454A68Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E390008Ch
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 39FF7B23h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 3C4E15B7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0F11644E8h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0E7FF8DBDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 40FDCC25h
xor     eax, 9D4B04BCh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A57106FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 64AB1291h
sub     eax, 0AB4B61A4h
sub     eax, 0C75958E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 63D22483h
xor     eax, 93D1D4E6h
xor     eax, 8E53B6D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3896B8FAh
sub     eax, 8BB8D1AAh
sub     eax, 5A5EFDF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 3A1F7359h
xor     eax, 737642A2h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 78C68238h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 678CFCE5h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 271EFB93h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0A8AC54BEh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 47A49E77h
add     eax, 0D8EFD706h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9CE660F7h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0F2F9274Bh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 116A327Ch
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 6CD5A402h
sub     eax, 0C98C10F8h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F4A8DB1Dh
add     eax, 0D09E3895h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D2375891h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC250A90h
xor     eax, 35258045h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AD770330h
add     eax, 5DEA7325h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 453D8D83h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0A14777E6h
xor     eax, 0FD7297F4h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0E82709F5h
add     eax, 3A58E793h
not     eax
sub     eax, 89F10426h
add     eax, 9F332B45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 43FF492Ch
sub     eax, 5F521A1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F01F5259h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CBB38EFEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0A1959AF1h
xor     eax, 0F57652B2h
xor     eax, 3664C0F1h
xor     eax, 0C9B5A7D3h
xor     eax, 651A954Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 4C9394E9h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 6BFD0A82h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 758A7A90h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E9317BBBh
add     eax, 5B8C864Eh
add     eax, 9E15B6B1h
add     eax, 15F35852h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 71CD2624h
sub     eax, 0C625BD04h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 6CE0D13Ah
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 334ACBD2h
xor     eax, 0AC013930h
sub     eax, 5876DC21h
add     eax, 7981A8D5h
add     eax, 12C2CE44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D50AE768h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 37BEE3A6h
add     eax, 0FE2A2EB7h
add     eax, 6C8DC9A5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 846AD350h
sub     eax, 0E487DFBBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 432114AAh
xor     eax, 9F5573EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 3BB6E6EEh
xor     eax, 0DE76A868h
not     eax
add     eax, 2FE036F2h
xor     eax, 6E77092Ch
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E3B02CCFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 61B56DB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 3537D704h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 2BF5F375h
add     eax, 107437A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 22424EF6h
sub     eax, 0A5446D30h
xor     eax, 0BEFA178Ah
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 9E21EFA3h
sub     eax, 201016D7h
xor     eax, 900E5ED4h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A4B9296Dh
sub     eax, 8A89BD57h
add     eax, 0D92E1338h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3F64B47Eh
sub     eax, 2B482C65h
not     eax
sub     eax, 468DB41Dh
add     eax, 37A33209h
sub     eax, 2ACF566Eh
xor     eax, 516AEC85h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 3B0254C2h
sub     eax, 0ADB42D50h
sub     eax, 0ED4056DBh
xor     eax, 7ED4FD90h
xor     eax, 2D5FABC4h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0F2EBBF36h
sub     eax, 0E10A3805h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0BFD99D61h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 333FAEFBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8F1151F0h
sub     eax, 0ADB76703h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 2128A9D6h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0D6CDE25Bh
xor     eax, 0E5455F06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0BB902964h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 47EC287Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7E481AF5h
sub     eax, 447667BBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 23E11B9Bh
xor     eax, 2A6A2351h
xor     eax, 69852BCEh
add     eax, 0D31058DFh
sub     eax, 2CDF4193h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A12CD805h
sub     eax, 0EA4274BBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0B5C912A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E5FDACA7h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 52105A73h
xor     eax, 4A75FD97h
add     eax, 0EAF1F602h
add     eax, 1CD5B55Ah
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0BDBE9A48h
add     eax, 0ECF47F92h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 29E53559h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 5C4B247Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0D59ABFC8h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 58882695h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5924D69Eh
sub     eax, 8FBFCDDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0E417AF02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C6A88198h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9335D8A6h
xor     eax, 0F33B7E37h
sub     eax, 31028BB7h
add     eax, 0D85B022Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 63D7D09Ah
add     eax, 75983C3Ch
xor     eax, 7E8F7E54h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 53D50D47h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0D68E6B83h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 6446C947h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 5366B7C9h
sub     eax, 96ABCE23h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AB60F9D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0B351A0B2h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 251C89A8h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0CBD6062Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 40B903CAh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0ED002FD6h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 298B926Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 57A98FFCh
sub     eax, 3BD9B163h
xor     eax, 676C0234h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F78C1833h
sub     eax, 0A03CF8C2h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 53A93753h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 36634B74h
add     eax, 0C66E2270h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0F9696F43h
add     eax, 0D87C539Dh
sub     eax, 0C9FDC90Bh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0C3ADD5A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 67A52288h
add     eax, 9F4E84EDh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 6EAA8C83h
add     eax, 0E1437A3Bh
xor     eax, 91B793E3h
sub     eax, 76224E12h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 93892C62h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0F952DE24h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2912F0EFh
add     eax, 6C71036Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BF03E154h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 79129CBEh
xor     eax, 3E8B3E24h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0BBDAFEC2h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8BE8AC3Bh
sub     eax, 8C1C513Bh
sub     eax, 0E1950D13h
xor     eax, 777791ABh
sub     eax, 46EF1871h
sub     eax, 2FFACEBCh
add     eax, 0DCA7B658h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0BCE2A68Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 18DD5287h
xor     eax, 0AE04C32Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0C78F8612h
xor     eax, 0BFCCC9C1h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 818A2025h
not     eax
xor     eax, 56133351h
xor     eax, 19FD8943h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BE2BD545h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0C0641B18h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 8AD17C1Fh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 37988CB3h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1BD43E43h
add     eax, 701FCD4Bh
sub     eax, 377A783Fh
xor     eax, 0DEA67EB9h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 46A7B740h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 23DA7710h
xor     eax, 0ED82E2DFh
xor     eax, 673E385Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 9B998CB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0DE4CDEC3h
sub     eax, 52C28875h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0A80B6BC3h
not     eax
add     eax, 1888430Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B09157DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 30F24905h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 19C69860h
xor     eax, 26AE8A69h
xor     eax, 44B761C8h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0D8E338E0h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 2904E2E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 7D26ECF8h
sub     eax, 57F38D82h
add     eax, 4FCB62FCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 702D7B61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3DF34BE5h
sub     eax, 0F1D19EE4h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 59FDAE32h
sub     eax, 60E00C03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A0E11DD8h
xor     eax, 0BEC9CA8Bh
xor     eax, 0ABA68111h
add     eax, 0EA17FAA4h
add     eax, 2652B054h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 8D5144A7h
add     eax, 7E3B19A9h
sub     eax, 0F6D579FDh
sub     eax, 821BCFD7h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 928922D8h
add     eax, 0E12B8016h
sub     eax, 0B070620Dh
add     eax, 5978058Fh
xor     eax, 738D014Fh
xor     eax, 0A88D6605h
xor     eax, 0AED13CDFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DF06C995h
sub     eax, 5328EEA1h
xor     eax, 59D16AEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 19F11C76h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0EEC83618h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4C9CE632h
add     eax, 0DE56C6FAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6AE7DC86h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0D880D474h
sub     eax, 926C713Eh
add     eax, 743378EFh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B1F2837Ah
add     eax, 41531290h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4ED0CECFh
sub     eax, 0BBDB978Ch
sub     eax, 0DF805255h
sub     eax, 0D9805AFCh
sub     eax, 7DAC7373h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1AF7C194h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2305964Ah
add     eax, 0A29E4F33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D6E3EDDFh
add     eax, 520CBC15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D3DD5AB4h
sub     eax, 11277F6Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 290F8378h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6AB8F2EFh
sub     eax, 94DD3112h
add     eax, 4BA6562Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 6DC385C4h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 63DEEF89h
xor     eax, 6F60E0F8h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 3E717BE6h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 52DF18EFh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C27B927Eh
xor     eax, 39359FEEh
add     eax, 0D65F0BBBh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 1DF8F124h
sub     eax, 1AC5ABFCh
xor     eax, 36D225CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0E54102BDh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 56384F1Fh
sub     eax, 0C2BCED49h
sub     eax, 3948FEB0h
xor     eax, 7489A0F1h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0BFA6B842h
xor     eax, 0E0C43966h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 632229B0h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 2C8CECA9h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 9B07AE27h
add     eax, 3B0539AFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4D557CDAh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6C1686C5h
xor     eax, 0FE0BB8A9h
sub     eax, 0F6205BE7h
xor     eax, 94651808h
sub     eax, 0EC37F420h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 6F1AF691h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 92CDC882h
sub     eax, 8FA3B78Fh
xor     eax, 0DE61F825h
not     eax
add     eax, 7A2690ADh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0D218ECA2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B4911D7Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 4EF80246h
not     eax
add     eax, 7120534Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0D4E82C98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 82F3D964h
sub     eax, 1453B24Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EFD5B3A8h
sub     eax, 298B39A6h
add     eax, 9690DE25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A7312EC6h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 4B5DE720h
xor     eax, 0D0E57462h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 392F0214h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 7BCFEB6Ah
sub     eax, 0B7926B5Dh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2459F628h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BE84F601h
add     eax, 8AA4A040h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A73C0255h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 8AFA250Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 7D4BB057h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B24872D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2F36C1CBh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 78FA6B16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 285EF63Eh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0A65AF385h
add     eax, 0D900F2F0h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0CBF0841Ah
xor     eax, 0C8FD59AAh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 96E165CFh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 4B8008DFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0F80E046Dh
xor     eax, 180B8156h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 641363BBh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3DB2AD9h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 88219E59h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6FA86855h
xor     eax, 5ECFCC44h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D30F1DFBh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5E7FB2B8h
add     eax, 589CE584h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5717867Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 405F9FD7h
xor     eax, 3F4C240Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5AE55A0Ch
sub     eax, 0FE5F99FCh
add     eax, 85E3ABA3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BD9F5C70h
sub     eax, 0CEC91872h
sub     eax, 0A133AA56h
xor     eax, 0DD2A45D9h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 7879F694h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 7F52B820h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 85A2A11Eh
sub     eax, 9538D4EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 494AE720h
sub     eax, 1F8DC736h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B702B4CCh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 3774CDFEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0F56F9E34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 43480657h
sub     eax, 5781A6F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F4E6CC05h
sub     eax, 96B6C73Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0DDBF8D15h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 120243D1h
xor     eax, 0EACBF6A8h
xor     eax, 0FC209D40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E12BDAA8h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 9B532CF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 30B8499Ch
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 951701A7h
xor     eax, 0AD46D5DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 81B90105h
xor     eax, 0A3A9CD63h
add     eax, 977C57C8h
xor     eax, 11E93DFEh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 0AB505DB9h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FD8C4FE3h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 42C22457h
add     eax, 0BDE4D6BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0B0A43665h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AC14B735h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C0F861E9h
xor     eax, 1C0A948Eh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 17F82302h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 5E8612CCh
add     eax, 64255137h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CA4E8F7Eh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0EBF8ED4Eh
sub     eax, 0B48D5D57h
xor     eax, 0AF85272Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A0080C2Eh
add     eax, 3EA7BC0Ah
sub     eax, 745DFF49h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 208332A3h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0C5CEEDA6h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CCF09594h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C3787764h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7C64918Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4D062B1Ch
add     eax, 5170B4CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 877BB6CCh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 1290579Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 1251D8C1h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0EA14E435h
xor     eax, 0D720C692h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 5F4BD57Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0C45A99F4h
not     eax
add     eax, 2030BF3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1BA7CD12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0C4F9CCEBh
not     eax
add     eax, 1BCC12CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BCE08F48h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F3CC181Bh
xor     eax, 0B878D9DFh
sub     eax, 0A438796Fh
xor     eax, 0C7C4FFE8h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 8A9E1C53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0C49F803Fh
sub     eax, 3562BEBAh
xor     eax, 0EDEAC020h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6EEB49EFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0FFA223AEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 82AC8327h
xor     eax, 8A98E8DFh
add     eax, 9B1EA610h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 4BB9AF2Ch
xor     eax, 4422E3ACh
add     eax, 0D3C1B620h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1C6D99A0h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 68117B7Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0C8CD4728h
add     eax, 0EBCD9F0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 97FD81F0h
sub     eax, 25A9D1CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AA222039h
sub     eax, 0F8FEAF19h
sub     eax, 2A407513h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 4052E0BAh
add     eax, 1591D079h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0CA4D7D6Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 93BAAC8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DC378C4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0A36F29CEh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 4931DD60h
sub     eax, 8D1CC72Ch
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0FEBF51AAh
xor     eax, 583B735Dh
xor     eax, 44A33D0Ah
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0C70127E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0C0F00686h
xor     eax, 0B2B8EEAFh
xor     eax, 0A86FF186h
sub     eax, 694645D2h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0A807E8A9h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 928CAEE2h
xor     eax, 0CC80151Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7A614FD6h
add     eax, 5D04BABFh
xor     eax, 28EF8F63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CE1FA4EBh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0AFA99E5Dh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CED811FAh
xor     eax, 2F76F71Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 6E9AA5B5h
xor     eax, 42BA91CCh
xor     eax, 263F93C1h
xor     eax, 9F6C3422h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 9D02F153h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 11887936h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 282AAE27h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0DF49376Fh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 0CD4B7CEFh
add     eax, 4A80B6ABh
sub     eax, 0A324A242h
xor     eax, 0D8AE5F24h
add     eax, 41B51299h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0CDEB7936h
sub     eax, 4B4E5AF2h
xor     eax, 43B039F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E720497h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 895AD338h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0D25A6BF6h
sub     eax, 0C0ED8A37h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 3DEC1EFCh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A25FB88Ch
xor     eax, 9156F423h
sub     eax, 0B0DC6C1Ch
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B85EDBCDh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0EFFC5015h
xor     eax, 8D334720h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 494CDFE7h
add     eax, 12DF5A17h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0F34E46B7h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4A65C7AEh
sub     eax, 1F8742BBh
xor     eax, 3873D2B4h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0CF3A200Eh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0E9E7151Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 859E5246h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0EA40094Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 189ECF7Dh
xor     eax, 2847240Ch
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ADAE4E79h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 6B69714Eh
add     eax, 2487BA28h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EF86611Dh
sub     eax, 95B3EE76h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 5146FC99h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 126A5AB4h
add     eax, 0CAF4C2C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0DFE3AFDBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0F06407CAh
sub     eax, 8EAD4A15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0D2C17D7Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1406A242h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0BF74A8E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C7DEEFAAh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C11BBEB8h
sub     eax, 0FA930508h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0CAF3AD15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0C0C637F5h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6416572Fh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0FFEBD005h
sub     eax, 0B3A6FDC6h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 737E7C73h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0D2493731h
sub     eax, 997C3ADAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 294CFB88h
xor     eax, 0B11F352Ch
sub     eax, 85CC35DDh
xor     eax, 6FC9D3A0h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 30D8F514h
sub     eax, 5886A64Ch
add     eax, 14DFF608h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0CB66C86Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 126AC018h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0F22CCD11h
add     eax, 67D808EBh
sub     eax, 9D6B2B92h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 8DDA2969h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 21F979DAh
add     eax, 8560C14Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 1EF0F53Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 63BE8CC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 48ED7F42h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D76DA13Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0C89CABCAh
xor     eax, 5AA2D66Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 5C20A133h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DABC96EEh
xor     eax, 86953E0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 1EA402D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0F70F9FD4h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 9B03F3A1h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0EE46D330h
sub     eax, 91BE26B5h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E091B85Ch
xor     eax, 8D066A4Fh
xor     eax, 500DA838h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 9FC9462Dh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0ABEDA7F0h
sub     eax, 9275576Dh
xor     eax, 9B978182h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0FD5F18A6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F97F4A58h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0A3C59B04h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0E75EFCE6h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0D16FDF43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6DC59953h
add     eax, 61D3744Ah
xor     eax, 8889D405h
add     eax, 3A6C044Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 87A61365h
sub     eax, 0DE82A99Bh
add     eax, 0FC8F2FFDh
add     eax, 584B3807h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0C5DFDCB9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 352A152Ah
sub     eax, 0EAD8A7D2h
sub     eax, 213BC6CCh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0E01D5E57h
xor     eax, 9188A702h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 33F17B79h
add     eax, 728661F3h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0FF59B4A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 82FC7A7Fh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 61C2F12Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 62E2CBA2h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 5979F2D3h
add     eax, 0B4F8CBADh
sub     eax, 0ABBE4E8Fh
sub     eax, 0CD7C630Ah
add     eax, 0D73A0CBDh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 84784D6Dh
sub     eax, 0D170FB05h
add     eax, 2C30A216h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0AAF65DD5h
xor     eax, 1FF99129h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 3F6B809Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A7AA5312h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6621D1B6h
add     eax, 0BBAC4B75h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0FF7A0298h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 82D4FD74h
sub     eax, 0F0CAE675h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 634DE144h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1A547BD7h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 903CB907h
xor     eax, 0E23DD6D1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0F8D7455Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 2EF9978Fh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 50E817F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F75CA65Ah
xor     eax, 4AFE1E41h
xor     eax, 7B78AAA4h
xor     eax, 0CF03B4F8h
xor     eax, 0A80DF51Fh
sub     eax, 21B2BE3Ah
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0E6732893h
xor     eax, 58A1E735h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B1F08970h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ECD93B7Ch
xor     eax, 0FF4363C7h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 8FA68C77h
not     eax
sub     eax, 212D35F7h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 42515A35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8974857Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 25AE8DC0h
add     eax, 0F6DC01ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 3654D280h
add     eax, 0A2E3BFCFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A1134301h
sub     eax, 5D9433DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 3EEBB6F2h
sub     eax, 92BEF319h
sub     eax, 0E9E70EEAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 68A8DEDFh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F3ADAD42h
add     eax, 728E6DE1h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E022C662h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 50A8AB2Dh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 62A8FBF6h
xor     eax, 0B4C83BDBh
add     eax, 83AB1DBBh
xor     eax, 5541F448h
add     eax, 5CE4BB37h
xor     eax, 0D836F5B2h
add     eax, 0EAA159FAh
not     eax
add     eax, 338504C8h
add     eax, 4951E35Fh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 41FC4F12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8596F1D5h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 73C58F58h
add     eax, 8314D60Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0A9C41CCBh
add     eax, 0A351F46Ah
sub     eax, 3DD81B57h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E3987B13h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 67CE7373h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0A626E1CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 7044BF14h
xor     eax, 58201358h
sub     eax, 68D4AB05h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7A503554h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 25CD8BA0h
add     eax, 85011841h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 78463698h
add     eax, 0A12695F9h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 74C01B09h
not     eax
xor     eax, 83701E93h
xor     eax, 77B43B54h
add     eax, 0F10C4DD2h
add     eax, 42E327FCh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 10F16762h
add     eax, 0A2AFD0AAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 7B216BD6h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2E50333Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0FBA39D27h
xor     eax, 48CE64B1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0DBEC152Ah
sub     eax, 0DE7B41BEh
xor     eax, 3BEE0A9Eh
xor     eax, 43731474h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 7811460Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 4330C225h
sub     eax, 38D21EE7h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CC99E50Bh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 46DDFFECh
add     eax, 68DAACECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 289B2EC6h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 598B98BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FD4F37EDh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 28D84F8Ah
sub     eax, 91620635h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0FA2F5954h
sub     eax, 0DDE9AEACh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 5B7802A1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A7C6975Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C1795C28h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C9E1D639h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 9D12533Bh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A4EE1971h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 40B79010h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 74A95D7Ah
xor     eax, 0C4327251h
xor     eax, 6B0452CFh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 7C46E95Dh
add     eax, 267043E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ED621DF0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 14D52984h
xor     eax, 0AB9244C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E70524BFh
xor     eax, 3275425Fh
xor     eax, 4624AD97h
sub     eax, 0EDCBC81Bh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 43E9FD0Ch
sub     eax, 468B4463h
sub     eax, 82A82869h
xor     eax, 885092E8h
add     eax, 1F9FC11Bh
sub     eax, 553E1B25h
add     eax, 16CFFBFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B40CC70Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0D769504Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 43A230AEh
sub     eax, 848E4E49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1AA45940h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 32A00240h
add     eax, 0E27E084Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 4303CD02h
sub     eax, 29BBB3C5h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4900C909h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 54901F3Dh
add     eax, 0FACA27E7h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 863BAC5Eh
xor     eax, 8278B635h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C9C010E9h
not     eax
add     eax, 77147439h
xor     eax, 801173A4h
add     eax, 0A8C87490h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 54123B63h
xor     eax, 26EC6C90h
sub     eax, 5A03CBE9h
sub     eax, 43C1BB8Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 19E3AA04h
sub     eax, 75BF4CE7h
add     eax, 0BE1F7096h
xor     eax, 0B992F4FDh
sub     eax, 0BDB05B63h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 89775EF4h
add     eax, 57AA48E2h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 7E5F4855h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 7BBD4B2Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 96674724h
add     eax, 0C3D0381Ah
xor     eax, 0E425A763h
xor     eax, 0F6185F20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 734A8BB8h
xor     eax, 940799CCh
add     eax, 0EB086521h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 2964FE20h
sub     eax, 2F384AEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AD9363A0h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CFE1F209h
xor     eax, 0D612B524h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7AF3A29Dh
sub     eax, 5A1F2EAEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AB7DB219h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DED94380h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 130D4B07h
sub     eax, 5A2937C8h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A12E851Dh
add     eax, 0C16B5E26h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 7905024Ch
sub     eax, 2C664172h
sub     eax, 0FA4C21FBh
xor     eax, 0CE174FE6h
sub     eax, 3FA85700h
sub     eax, 0AE88EA6Dh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 458C722Dh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 9E1528FEh
add     eax, 0C2903ECFh
add     eax, 0DB557F23h
sub     eax, 0C697DBF0h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 2778F9AAh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0B0910950h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B8BDFB6Ah
xor     eax, 0C35A0F43h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C575EC46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BCE0126Ah
sub     eax, 0A3759231h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 20C23279h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 83738373h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8100452Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0A8AF3277h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1CFF5FBBh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F5AB0B27h
sub     eax, 0D028E239h
not     eax
sub     eax, 27B409B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 805D19A7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AD210C2Dh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0D4BA624Fh
xor     eax, 0E20085DCh
sub     eax, 0ED952BA6h
sub     eax, 0A3CD8A1Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E9A0E8F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FAEB3C8Eh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BE649979h
not     eax
sub     eax, 33F1F21Ah
xor     eax, 87E5B59Eh
sub     eax, 0EF5D0276h
xor     eax, 35ACA3B9h
sub     eax, 0B168E11Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0C9958AEAh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F7EF9F89h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 201563E4h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0B0B0A05Bh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0E72717DFh
xor     eax, 89D52C8Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 6C9790F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A554E345h
sub     eax, 86B0F3A5h
sub     eax, 647831ECh
sub     eax, 672514C5h
xor     eax, 843923DFh
add     eax, 9BF32796h
sub     eax, 31FDA8DDh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 90AF92B0h
sub     eax, 445182C9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 7CFBC426h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8394FE02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1770650Eh
sub     eax, 0F96DB680h
xor     eax, 0D6DB0228h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B17648BAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 93B2204Fh
xor     eax, 1145D30Bh
xor     eax, 0E5C8504Eh
add     eax, 40D3AD4Bh
add     eax, 50AAF60Ah
xor     eax, 6E34EE77h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0A5C9AEB8h
add     eax, 3CF2FECEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0D3026AC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 98D4D529h
sub     eax, 66AABC99h
sub     eax, 0DF809E70h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0E8AC173Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0DF847CA9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 38E49334h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0D6CAF349h
add     eax, 0BF78B711h
sub     eax, 0DB669A74h
xor     eax, 0B766A20Ah
add     eax, 0FACE829Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5B475311h
add     eax, 31F35496h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 78699A4Ch
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4A10C12Bh
sub     eax, 7E539730h
sub     eax, 9AA7181Fh
add     eax, 0AFFF6439h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 119BA954h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0D12CB986h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 608BC4EAh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 255C9136h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0CCC3E5B9h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9A62B4CDh
sub     eax, 0B8F30CAEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9F633B7Dh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0A9F3648Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 88F61587h
add     eax, 0B352D282h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B9601786h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 54FE3A0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A2B4CBC9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 92F235DBh
xor     eax, 38FCE90Bh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 42677665h
sub     eax, 27453B1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 3F10B372h
sub     eax, 0E4B8916Fh
add     eax, 6D50BAF2h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 8BAD0D25h
add     eax, 38AFEB9Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5F668143h
add     eax, 0D81BF48Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0DDB1B7F7h
add     eax, 5554EF11h
add     eax, 7C3B2531h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 614704D3h
xor     eax, 0BDBC737Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ABB69E21h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0B7848C81h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 590990D4h
add     eax, 8ED63E20h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 814D5D9Eh
xor     eax, 49A10BEFh
add     eax, 0E0AC884Ah
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 97F58063h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0AE099DEDh
add     eax, 52658DE8h
xor     eax, 0F6D316A7h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0D1D3E46Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0B13ABC4Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0AD1F798Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B9F920CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 5FAE0481h
xor     eax, 56CFE632h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0D476B574h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4ED38647h
add     eax, 0E3686F29h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0CDA9B546h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D85569CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0AF4BC16Ch
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 56F651DBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 633398D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F4D8AABFh
xor     eax, 40566611h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0F85D5EE6h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D7858FACh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 21473716h
add     eax, 46B177F5h
xor     eax, 3B1722F1h
xor     eax, 0B7E9D47Ah
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 450CDC91h
add     eax, 2FB09B8Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B3D5767Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E730C019h
not     eax
xor     eax, 95698DD6h
add     eax, 0C27A756Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0C2F9DBC2h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 77E6F00Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A5278647h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 78C75615h
xor     eax, 0B8F4DE34h
xor     eax, 0BB04E5D7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0E7AB161Dh
sub     eax, 207F3510h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 597015CCh
sub     eax, 3166B316h
sub     eax, 38604EAEh
add     eax, 444391A2h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 84DCD1CAh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 71E21998h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 361D9FAAh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 2649C3ADh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 4902E092h
add     eax, 39FF8876h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E479AF41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 4E8C36CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 867B5471h
sub     eax, 0C9862684h
xor     eax, 0CD840C85h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 32D2C8ECh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9CD7ABDFh
sub     eax, 806F5633h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 3943E704h
sub     eax, 1C8C8A57h
sub     eax, 9B8FDCF6h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 422275EAh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3EB1F63Dh
add     eax, 32625870h
sub     eax, 1E14AB91h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EB7852D3h
add     eax, 0D0CA1576h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 21B497F0h
sub     eax, 49BD2BA4h
add     eax, 72F0FC3Dh
xor     eax, 51D88D93h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5D134674h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C5F5D79Ch
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0BF103B80h
add     eax, 0C54B1485h
add     eax, 0FC5307B9h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0D169D3D4h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 289569BEh
add     eax, 81FEFD7Fh
sub     eax, 8348403Bh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0FFB98B93h
xor     eax, 21CA9E5Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 62F63BC8h
sub     eax, 92AF010Fh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 16644201h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 0A8D3C433h
add     eax, 1A1E2A4Ah
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 1D7881FEh
xor     eax, 0A5B9A440h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 88E25D2Ch
add     eax, 8C261530h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0CC99C4A1h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 4BB15877h
xor     eax, 0A8DDC1B6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4EEF12A8h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 21694114h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 865BA1F9h
not     eax
add     eax, 3D0BCDD3h
add     eax, 0B56985EEh
sub     eax, 4308FB0Fh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DD421E64h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 41A543BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CE7BC061h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0DC5DAE85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D28F190Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 402081B4h
add     eax, 4D9A4C10h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8D1C7179h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 1662EF1Fh
sub     eax, 0EA883351h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 66956B83h
xor     eax, 0CCF7B31Bh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 243277BFh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C51CB173h
sub     eax, 977809F0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0D517C114h
sub     eax, 0FE94A608h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7C786EE3h
not     eax
add     eax, 655349C5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DE732858h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 2C169533h
add     eax, 84AA7CD0h
add     eax, 0E3F846EAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 9E57562Ah
add     eax, 9E66A4BEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9E9C14B9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 9E2CEE48h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 373092D5h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 4682222Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D94EFF2Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B0B09CC7h
xor     eax, 0B2FCEB41h
sub     eax, 9B30512Eh
sub     eax, 0DDB1083Dh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 74A3E9DBh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0BFFD5EE7h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C23BCAC9h
add     eax, 6F61114Bh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A00AC24Ah
xor     eax, 11FFA22Eh
sub     eax, 0F11242D0h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 780EB9C2h
xor     eax, 55553D84h
sub     eax, 7F2A1931h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 74A73649h
add     eax, 1C1D55ECh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 80F8BBB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0A00FFCFCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 6221350Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AE3901C8h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D0F1ECE3h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FE5D1E9Ch
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 8965931Bh
add     eax, 26DEFC21h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 449048A0h
xor     eax, 6CC68905h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 148FE7EEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 556516D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8E301DC2h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 55ABB3C6h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 86956C66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 63C68E51h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 22CF6E3Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 3D61038Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9FF6D555h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E5AB75A0h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 6467DBB8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 4C74F4BBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CCC8AB85h
xor     eax, 0F66DFD0Fh
add     eax, 819F004Fh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0C64DC2C0h
sub     eax, 15C7A3B4h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 40B2C5D4h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 1F4A7FBCh
xor     eax, 97D3EB31h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 7EBDA60Bh
add     eax, 0CC81920Ah
sub     eax, 8F68FB9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8D4F9BECh
sub     eax, 0A66F3B9Fh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 5BFE8819h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3FCA6ED0h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0BACF4DBBh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 8CA2AD77h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 320E5D68h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 1A86FEE9h
sub     eax, 0D73ECB7Dh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0B8FD4E1Dh
sub     eax, 3E10D05Eh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0C6428D43h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 226CFF8Bh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0F76CF5F1h
sub     eax, 43C6E625h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1D7A3A84h
add     eax, 8C2BEF33h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3FB93EDAh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E171D56Ch
xor     eax, 42325FE1h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0CB3108D4h
sub     eax, 0E6BAA5E6h
xor     eax, 367D3D66h
xor     eax, 5266931Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CDC537E3h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 41ECE6EFh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E98BBAF9h
sub     eax, 41071450h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 9F7ABF86h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3A1B6278h
add     eax, 9B096618h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 68909D4Bh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EC08FCDDh
not     eax
add     eax, 9E326A39h
xor     eax, 0B5CEF370h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0B1081655h
xor     eax, 212E3819h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 7441DEB3h
add     eax, 0F9A788B8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B901A97Ah
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 19DA4E69h
sub     eax, 772D5BF6h
xor     eax, 48569E62h
add     eax, 4AFB9F2Dh
add     eax, 0EF9CE8B3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7D8BA7DDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 49C558BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5CFFBE11h
add     eax, 0CD0EAD5Eh
add     eax, 5F1D617Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 99DD6B26h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 4EA42F3Ch
xor     eax, 90307193h
sub     eax, 5E9FE2F9h
sub     eax, 116CD1B4h
sub     eax, 4FB3A3FBh
sub     eax, 438A0432h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B04561FEh
add     eax, 0CCFC2A25h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0A7A79EF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0A1E85CE7h
sub     eax, 2E7FA6A3h
sub     eax, 41EE1B4Dh
sub     eax, 5A836C29h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0EB8CC0E4h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0B9BA5DCBh
add     eax, 0D463FCF6h
xor     eax, 2C963A9Eh
add     eax, 5365EA57h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 770A4B5Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 60AB3AA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F37DD8C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D9CBC6E7h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B0B230B5h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 89891342h
xor     eax, 27E8B7D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DFF61F65h
add     eax, 0A2052B19h
add     eax, 0C668FCABh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0B89A1977h
sub     eax, 4402029Fh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 10BAAEC8h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0EBC420E1h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C0E017DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 899DBA6Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E4223547h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3A11111h
xor     eax, 0F509FBA0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 7ACA82EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 343F30B2h
xor     eax, 0A5A28174h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FE7452B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0D9F6C92Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0A4888D07h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7BCE61BBh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 522B4E47h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0E7A30F2Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5B063DABh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CCEC65F0h
xor     eax, 46E9DBA3h
xor     eax, 31F57125h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0E913BC7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 66D9D425h
xor     eax, 5A977E69h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 11B98B21h
add     eax, 377C8BEFh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0FC53922Dh
sub     eax, 848EB065h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9CDA48B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E378FBAEh
add     eax, 0B75AFA68h
xor     eax, 0AB857A18h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 883ED31Fh
xor     eax, 5843DAFDh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0FC144159h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4A7CBE3Ch
xor     eax, 0A21BAB97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 766F329Ch
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0EE8812A3h
add     eax, 0BBB311DAh
sub     eax, 0CEF139A8h
add     eax, 0EA03BD07h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 4D6F5383h
xor     eax, 2177EC0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F2042817h
xor     eax, 15F96976h
sub     eax, 118BFA1Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 73CA01EFh
sub     eax, 9E6CB9BAh
xor     eax, 6500B5DAh
xor     eax, 36FB755Fh
sub     eax, 0D83387E2h
sub     eax, 0B0054CF1h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 486A4E7Eh
add     eax, 90376023h
add     eax, 0A8EB0703h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 14AFF89Bh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 2AF7BC18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0C4E53E21h
add     eax, 0A4107725h
add     eax, 7E3B2646h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 43DDC83Bh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 6A75013Dh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0A6413C28h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C61BF0F9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0E555CAD8h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 18A6FF07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2E5D09DEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 49F2F938h
xor     eax, 0C88168AEh
xor     eax, 4E30F011h
xor     eax, 23B53253h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1B47E5ECh
sub     eax, 0D69F376Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5B0F7E44h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E8659924h
add     eax, 0F9B7858Bh
add     eax, 2564E43Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 1BF65E7Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 2F059867h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A49CD10Eh
add     eax, 4AB252D5h
xor     eax, 45E48F36h
add     eax, 35CECD09h
xor     eax, 5798E557h
add     eax, 83530F3Ch
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0E56B676Bh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 6EF5B381h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E4F829C5h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0EB095137h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 4CCA2551h
sub     eax, 0F7E2BAE8h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 6DD5FAF9h
add     eax, 1BA14FD6h
sub     eax, 460C1A6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 180B7F51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4BEEFB68h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9FC05381h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CA631241h
xor     eax, 5152B98Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BB7713F9h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0C59DDFF8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B99D9C78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CED29D62h
add     eax, 22F8C0BFh
xor     eax, 0A603DA8Bh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 2718C0E9h
add     eax, 4F4A9541h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C3C03A3Fh
xor     eax, 83481040h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 3E1D7801h
xor     eax, 6C55BE06h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FEC5DBB1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0F0B17C4Eh
add     eax, 0E631C84Ah
sub     eax, 1F8FA22Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 5E8493E0h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C6F55264h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 733AB146h
sub     eax, 5C43ABA1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F6EC6017h
xor     eax, 9577B587h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0BC049955h
sub     eax, 4ADB7FD3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 41A9ED13h
add     eax, 2034995Eh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0F01CC0FAh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E17CDC6Ah
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 4EAE4AB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0EA749588h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DCF134BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6B4A299Ah
add     eax, 0ABD540D1h
add     eax, 3616DCBEh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A4087859h
xor     eax, 0F9B6AAE4h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B8635E44h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0AA7242DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 545B1936h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3650710Dh
add     eax, 0A2C304B2h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0DD29280Dh
add     eax, 93AE406Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 5403C810h
sub     eax, 3F54B065h
sub     eax, 0D6F51D73h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E99ADFA9h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 8D6928A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 89C45F20h
sub     eax, 0C3AE9E45h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8F5147D4h
add     eax, 634CF657h
xor     eax, 9A34FEBFh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7B57D060h
add     eax, 1519BD9Dh
sub     eax, 0CBDBF81Fh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0E412E314h
xor     eax, 0C0B978CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BAC8BC60h
add     eax, 0FAA580D9h
sub     eax, 15C0D6D5h
sub     eax, 9FAB5828h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 15B8F2EEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 50F67ADCh
sub     eax, 473239C9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0F18BDDD8h
xor     eax, 0BFD3B47Bh
add     eax, 8CB02E6Bh
add     eax, 0C29A9E63h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 8CBAA88Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5B953BD4h
sub     eax, 0F7817872h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0F8100CCEh
xor     eax, 0A2EC1082h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0B260517Ah
xor     eax, 91921210h
sub     eax, 5D56E454h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B7F866DBh
xor     eax, 0D8AD248Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CDD72354h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 45F781C8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 9CBA6108h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 2FAC4AEBh
sub     eax, 3CA8C9A8h
sub     eax, 0BA1A7517h
not     eax
xor     eax, 911A0A03h
add     eax, 793E8775h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 61F28507h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EE78E3B0h
xor     eax, 8737C869h
add     eax, 4303810Eh
add     eax, 0BE89E455h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0F0F590EAh
add     eax, 30CA9BEBh
add     eax, 2F867100h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F4401CD2h
add     eax, 0FDAD86BEh
sub     eax, 80FA8B01h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E955AE87h
sub     eax, 0D8AD356Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0C0ABF4D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8970682Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7270BDB1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 762751B4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 9A19F700h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 395D6F3Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 42A1FB9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E2578A6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 6E3223E8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 532286FBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A4D8D35Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0B0257D37h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 607B6ED8h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 66801608h
xor     eax, 1BD3359Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0B58A86ECh
xor     eax, 0D7EE04A8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0B959FF3Dh
add     eax, 0FC5F8987h
not     eax
add     eax, 6FDE65B9h
sub     eax, 7E2D009Fh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0D0ABF936h
add     eax, 52F56396h
add     eax, 23ADBFABh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0F778ADA7h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 53F3491Bh
sub     eax, 0F1EEA92Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 9E78F096h
not     eax
sub     eax, 334B7BC2h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0FBE2F502h
add     eax, 0AACEE781h
not     eax
add     eax, 6BCB8B60h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 75475B02h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0DCE071A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5EAEA758h
xor     eax, 0BEF05B99h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F81CB8F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1BBD0696h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E71A9E10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F39B86ABh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8DCA60F3h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 32B3DA81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A32BA408h
xor     eax, 6A0A6053h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0F030CFDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AE214B24h
add     eax, 30FBD093h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0D8EB633Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 3D72EFA3h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0B493A80Fh
xor     eax, 0E32733AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 3A6CFA3Bh
sub     eax, 0C6628EF5h
sub     eax, 6E1C93ACh
sub     eax, 5881D490h
sub     eax, 21E62519h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 5E48D621h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 6BE0A63Ah
xor     eax, 0B8986C64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0F1906C92h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F865C2CDh
sub     eax, 21AF311Dh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6B8E289Ch
sub     eax, 2A66A5ABh
sub     eax, 3191C1A4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F093F5C0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD5A5240h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 9F4024B8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 1D01F114h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 49A6C1A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 1AB91E41h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 75A2ED62h
sub     eax, 0A0277FC3h
xor     eax, 9BF21393h
xor     eax, 922F4ED6h
add     eax, 6453E632h
add     eax, 0B13FBCC4h
xor     eax, 0FE7C7F1Ah
add     eax, 87CAE66Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ABD17DEEh
sub     eax, 0F3636463h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 4DECB1F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A2FA658Ch
xor     eax, 9141252Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B5B9BF81h
add     eax, 0A05FD62Ch
add     eax, 32FB51A5h
xor     eax, 0AF361334h
add     eax, 0B49AEEBAh
not     eax
add     eax, 80D67D2Ah
xor     eax, 0C3D372FCh
sub     eax, 19D70E26h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DA059820h
add     eax, 7A096B5Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ABCB5130h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B75AA1ABh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 4212C701h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 8991B8E0h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 805AAB47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 334BD5BAh
not     eax
add     eax, 440DAE8Eh
add     eax, 348EAE61h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 49EE4E48h
sub     eax, 2656EE6Fh
sub     eax, 0C5DECBEEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C47E8FEDh
not     eax
add     eax, 3DF8C3BEh
add     eax, 5699ED10h
xor     eax, 10EE8BA2h
add     eax, 0E5C2D3EFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0D3A1F863h
xor     eax, 8F68D373h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3DC7B4E2h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 6EF4AC21h
sub     eax, 3F96FCFFh
xor     eax, 0EC80719Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 7C81D2D6h
sub     eax, 0EF59A7E3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C9590EA3h
xor     eax, 7D38AAB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F2EEACB0h
xor     eax, 9A673E37h
xor     eax, 0E747060Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E6238306h
xor     eax, 41FCEC6Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 13B14007h
xor     eax, 0DF5C1BA9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BBA3E534h
add     eax, 0C372CD45h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 5A33C8A2h
xor     eax, 99B84791h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 2FA5499Dh
add     eax, 2D1D5295h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 8D410E8Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 24F98671h
add     eax, 2746127Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 27DCB60Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 2E84CF34h
sub     eax, 4C5C35B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 885CF351h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 866ACA1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 4B077D46h
xor     eax, 9C9CFF7Dh
sub     eax, 6F1958EBh
add     eax, 573E39AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FE1FD11Eh
add     eax, 905AD20Ch
sub     eax, 46AA549Bh
sub     eax, 256E4BFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 2BC42AAAh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 49DFFCC3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 878C7ADAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4612F08Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 7E7DBBD8h
xor     eax, 0FBCF23AEh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 264F78AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0FA2E899Bh
xor     eax, 0DEDE8382h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 8E15FCD0h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DFB95087h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AF4BDD2Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 116F07A4h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0E9516E0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FCD6D1A6h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 27B844ABh
sub     eax, 0EC8AD031h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 27695A78h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BDDBF015h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0AE163864h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 87F271B4h
add     eax, 0DBD86831h
xor     eax, 71348C1Bh
sub     eax, 2F2AF351h
sub     eax, 0B0654F3Ah
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0C2113D25h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0D4310A77h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 79E34B3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 7C994E38h
sub     eax, 0D9B5C5DBh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 41A6AA7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A8BB427Ah
add     eax, 0F125AFF6h
not     eax
add     eax, 6B4F9E45h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F9603089h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7B4EB355h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2B77DACFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D7A71954h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0DC0D35BEh
xor     eax, 9DCA37B6h
sub     eax, 8A80FC62h
sub     eax, 47484495h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5119B573h
add     eax, 1D1C58B1h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 80C1EC7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D1046C68h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 10D0EBCDh
add     eax, 0AFFCDF34h
add     eax, 0A521B06Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7053EA27h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 4A2A6859h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 4DE85CB9h
xor     eax, 30309E16h
add     eax, 174E9CBFh
add     eax, 0FE53B51Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 82515E51h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 165FEF72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 601E3740h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 2650EC35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6DB8DF41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0B8919F0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1971D40Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 77CC93A1h
sub     eax, 87E66B41h
add     eax, 0D25A8B93h
xor     eax, 6926A3FEh
sub     eax, 4DD6DA2Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 47CC5ED7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 9666CDD7h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 37356B9Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E93B8452h
xor     eax, 50F34BC4h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 88EB7583h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EEC8C1C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 21E13C96h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CC345155h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E7A2D8Bh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 3AE06C84h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 7025A773h
add     eax, 0FF707270h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0C3AB7552h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 77B451EFh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C71587A0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B18753D8h
xor     eax, 18D9AE2Bh
add     eax, 321D583Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 9AA49DBFh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1192C479h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 82F9BDF6h
sub     eax, 5B9F7042h
sub     eax, 3CBDB0BCh
add     eax, 1138B021h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0EF4ADB45h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FBF54323h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B3E03E86h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0A58D6CB4h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 4956A9DFh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 1555EDFCh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9FB6CADFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 29F405E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 89C97E70h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 56D09813h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 25DEE775h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 40786D15h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 2786840Ch
sub     eax, 0CEA30583h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 156318A6h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 98C7A293h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0C0CF4DEAh
sub     eax, 0CFF74F7Ch
add     eax, 23DD78D3h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 96A40912h
sub     eax, 3E69AA9Fh
add     eax, 8E9D5A9Fh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 11AC7884h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 4249B92Ah
sub     eax, 54396D50h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3A7C73BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5C6BB25Bh
xor     eax, 0A2771697h
sub     eax, 0BBBDC3EEh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 72DBCCEAh
sub     eax, 0C8CB513Ch
xor     eax, 511DFE18h
sub     eax, 543ADBFFh
add     eax, 9EAEC52Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D6C4B007h
not     eax
add     eax, 5A5CA8B7h
add     eax, 0EC99D602h
sub     eax, 0FEFCF722h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 6D1BBDFCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 509E663Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0CCA9E0B5h
xor     eax, 0BB5AB1FFh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0CC49BBD2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0A1703838h
add     eax, 0EFED6A96h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 63C1D848h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8C553D56h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 22401B60h
sub     eax, 25198AEAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 88D8913Bh
xor     eax, 0B8314F06h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BE149FEBh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 63368B45h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0A82541EBh
add     eax, 0B16AA6B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3D7E352Ah
xor     eax, 76A9738Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9C7029F5h
add     eax, 2FD43BB6h
add     eax, 99468A49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F6024207h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A0037950h
add     eax, 0EED65D60h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BD8079E5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4CE27F7Fh
xor     eax, 4A9628DCh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4384CEF2h
xor     eax, 97434EA1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0FD77C1B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ECE3F7F3h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0AE32FD72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DC5481B9h
sub     eax, 5FF66638h
add     eax, 650C493Dh
sub     eax, 0B2F75E34h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 43296AA2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8E8D044Ch
add     eax, 539C8AFBh
xor     eax, 0D0AED29Dh
add     eax, 0C309BA78h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 85C332C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 16F6D8AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 87311F5Ch
add     eax, 0A8F174E9h
add     eax, 589752AFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 9C7027E5h
not     eax
add     eax, 529B0DA3h
add     eax, 4754EEF8h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0F4C313B3h
add     eax, 98E913CDh
xor     eax, 786EE33Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 244DC0BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C9096BDDh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 44CF3B46h
xor     eax, 8BC9396Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0DAACE0C6h
add     eax, 80CA2C62h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ED35DA2Ah
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 9DC45B8Dh
add     eax, 16468E77h
xor     eax, 31CC1BFFh
xor     eax, 0D959B51Eh
xor     eax, 3592A520h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0FA2A3652h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0ABC607FEh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F2A48955h
add     eax, 0CE51111Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6FC11390h
add     eax, 0B0DA9EABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C4E0AE53h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 665CC9B8h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 19E76583h
add     eax, 0BBAED69Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C2E106D6h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 3889D045h
sub     eax, 987B2D46h
not     eax
sub     eax, 50DAA7B1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0D9138ACFh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 89B86A6Ah
sub     eax, 460E2DC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 1DD1D814h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BCBFA0C4h
xor     eax, 8E3602A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0FFC8448Fh
xor     eax, 0D5FEAE7Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CD3A2691h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 98374D9Ch
xor     eax, 20042302h
sub     eax, 7563741Bh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0F52D7A12h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 58B1B474h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DDCCB384h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 41552A47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 710D0EFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 12C2B54Fh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 6D78473Bh
sub     eax, 66774B6Bh
xor     eax, 0AB02A316h
sub     eax, 0C372D864h
xor     eax, 5F0DE305h
sub     eax, 0B45F7FA7h
add     eax, 30922360h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4B087A04h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 7EC86B06h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E4E4F988h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8D912A81h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 3B70C1D8h
add     eax, 5BDD7F1Ah
xor     eax, 0DAD0ED85h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 3649AE98h
xor     eax, 2F547106h
sub     eax, 0FFC5F0F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ACD79089h
xor     eax, 0C8FFC57Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0AAEEB0E1h
add     eax, 0FB4666B8h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 967F5556h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 6E4FE2ABh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3EFF9E33h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 9AA3AF42h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CD2F17D2h
sub     eax, 169D3536h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B2CFAD93h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 654CA999h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0FCFC5B6Dh
xor     eax, 0FF02F5A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 280BC939h
xor     eax, 4A3D4571h
add     eax, 40313934h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0CBB19B16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FED5D955h
add     eax, 0E754C892h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0B2BFA71Bh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3D5D3CA5h
not     eax
add     eax, 130F1D99h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F267A7A4h
xor     eax, 449EA848h
add     eax, 0E710AD26h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4DBF393Fh
xor     eax, 4EBD46C9h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 89335223h
sub     eax, 0E0C146B2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0E30430E8h
sub     eax, 718A62C9h
sub     eax, 0CD2C4C21h
add     eax, 36B186DFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C2212B25h
xor     eax, 2A8E81FEh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3CC57826h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0ADD0F00Bh
xor     eax, 86FC6133h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 6CBEB184h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7FF72FE2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 923CB0F8h
xor     eax, 0AA61D864h
xor     eax, 8AFE497Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 68D543DCh
add     eax, 3E6A9336h
add     eax, 67ED1C97h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0C51583EBh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 18889106h
sub     eax, 134429EBh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0FE0743CBh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 40A5E7B5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0F1811483h
sub     eax, 47FC5424h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E18772BBh
sub     eax, 0DCA1E2E1h
add     eax, 63FEEFB9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 5EB85227h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6C4DC091h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 9D5C10D2h
sub     eax, 80FFB5B2h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0BD968ED3h
sub     eax, 2A3C7D28h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0D179B210h
xor     eax, 0F393EAB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C6C17B65h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 59417FA4h
add     eax, 34FCA0D1h
xor     eax, 1387FDFAh
add     eax, 0E460C378h
sub     eax, 2F05EF0Eh
add     eax, 0F5B11F66h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BDC5053Ch
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 40D2B28Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 8744FB5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 54697372h
add     eax, 1AFACC87h
sub     eax, 0AC2C2A8Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C2C88484h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8C897106h
xor     eax, 0A5B778A4h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 865CE349h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 8A17FF0Ch
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 45746044h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 2B3C82D2h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 60107E5Dh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F08FFA0Eh
add     eax, 9CCC82B6h
add     eax, 0AD846861h
xor     eax, 6B0DF487h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B23E18A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 3A860050h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 8557BE82h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 6B1B7AE4h
xor     eax, 10D2B7B1h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 106A0443h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 45F695CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A30429CFh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 6F45F707h
add     eax, 0A9203437h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C5D36A61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 10CDB576h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0B8F790F9h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0A3C7C57Eh
xor     eax, 0C5133349h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0A120B032h
sub     eax, 0A5639711h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0DB2AD4C0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 3222F815h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA800772h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 1F54F28Dh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 3E86C5B9h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0C4567E35h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0C90B52A1h
xor     eax, 0A1F93252h
sub     eax, 0DBD8B21Ah
sub     eax, 0EF5C7F1Bh
xor     eax, 0A6301B31h
xor     eax, 28D92CFDh
sub     eax, 54771C8Ah
sub     eax, 0E4693972h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0DEBF29E9h
add     eax, 670A1E34h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3F82561Fh
add     eax, 6BB2A605h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 96123C40h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 962339C9h
xor     eax, 0CB557750h
add     eax, 19D9D86Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 432D5F2Dh
xor     eax, 0AA69D5B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 8FD3C6BEh
xor     eax, 9A3138D7h
add     eax, 2EF3D5CFh
add     eax, 0C56CA47Ch
sub     eax, 701CABAAh
add     eax, 0DCBB5758h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0D04E5FB1h
add     eax, 0FE34BF9Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0A2EDC54Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 26FA3920h
sub     eax, 793D67A2h
add     eax, 9B7F6129h
not     eax
xor     eax, 830E28CDh
xor     eax, 82A1C8F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 23FB595Ch
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 2572AE9Dh
add     eax, 0B0A665C3h
add     eax, 5EFF65F3h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0FB668AABh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 45B4C19Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0C2EAAB83h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FD357E2Eh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0BFDACE14h
sub     eax, 26BDA60Ch
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 35EC7D1Eh
add     eax, 0C3281CEAh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0BEDEEBE2h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 7305AE5Fh
add     eax, 0FE70AC47h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 46550E23h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EDCFF215h
add     eax, 0E0EBAF27h
xor     eax, 36765237h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 63A3614Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 765012FEh
sub     eax, 74A2B628h
add     eax, 0BB09761Ch
xor     eax, 0E264E4DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3335D29Bh
xor     eax, 874F2D3Fh
sub     eax, 1A530FCCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 789F994Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6AB1ADA1h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0C9F44274h
not     eax
sub     eax, 25A7F552h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0CFD9C9C3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2B04E1B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 281511A4h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 9556C903h
xor     eax, 0C0132055h
sub     eax, 0DB789630h
sub     eax, 0D175BFD4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6E5F6FA9h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0ED7B7A5Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0C31F8517h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 64640577h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9A04226Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 4A851EF4h
xor     eax, 0CE12C247h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A8F14C38h
sub     eax, 0B19CD2FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0A7A706F1h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 274285D7h
xor     eax, 0BEDB03F3h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0E3F35523h
sub     eax, 0B6370EA4h
xor     eax, 0A8EE71DEh
sub     eax, 86A42238h
xor     eax, 75309478h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 68FB4B21h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 307710A0h
sub     eax, 0C51C58D9h
add     eax, 487E0637h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0EBE53360h
sub     eax, 7CEB93FBh
sub     eax, 2D475271h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 466C7552h
not     eax
sub     eax, 77C3588Dh
add     eax, 5FC0E8EAh
xor     eax, 0DE704114h
xor     eax, 1DE1CA38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 4C04F3ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C4A7951Eh
xor     eax, 0CE84DA80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 10FD6DD0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 48C9278Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CBB108D6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 704EE497h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 72B56205h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BD021D72h
sub     eax, 0F8EFC36Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AAB7102Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 99B57C10h
add     eax, 28325FD3h
add     eax, 0C04AB514h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E738D0E9h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 83703D85h
not     eax
add     eax, 81E944CBh
add     eax, 3ABA903Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 6E4398E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1111457Dh
sub     eax, 94DED6D2h
sub     eax, 0EBEC33C9h
xor     eax, 8C6ECBE8h
add     eax, 1CFD8D7Dh
sub     eax, 0B6D61F1Ch
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 86EB94BDh
xor     eax, 0DE12CA00h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 5971F8E8h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9C725669h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0A23005BBh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1E4DEA93h
xor     eax, 7DA27BD8h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8074A8D5h
sub     eax, 0B769B70Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 81E81252h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5DDB265Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 875A0C8Ah
add     eax, 62696CD3h
xor     eax, 49A33F6Dh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FB3E1429h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A764FEBCh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 425D71EFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 459BE34Dh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 71E597D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F39DC0F0h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 5CA2F60Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 25F4C540h
xor     eax, 60775D04h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 8D6074F9h
xor     eax, 2ED3408Bh
xor     eax, 0CEFACEE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F3D2BD36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 65D9942Dh
add     eax, 0E6151414h
xor     eax, 0F1716F10h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 1A12108Fh
xor     eax, 54CD495Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 234A2E59h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5175B56Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 200C4C12h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 4CF172C0h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 269AE16Fh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 60D5F13Ah
sub     eax, 8E46FBD8h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 66BD3080h
add     eax, 41981C1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C63734ECh
xor     eax, 2A9F67F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5B7A578Ah
xor     eax, 0D0980779h
not     eax
add     eax, 594C7B0Dh
add     eax, 0D189AF52h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 84592E32h
xor     eax, 52991351h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4C1642E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0CF274BECh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 31C17511h
add     eax, 10206B19h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0C3FB16CCh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B8103B6Ah
add     eax, 0E2DCA391h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0F3A96F72h
add     eax, 0E1F140DCh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 2D5553E0h
add     eax, 76810F5Bh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4B8BA8CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D8C6268Dh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 39F4B561h
sub     eax, 9175A3BCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 991E6A39h
sub     eax, 49A4BD85h
add     eax, 266B4811h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E73407DBh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 965887B1h
xor     eax, 51C09950h
add     eax, 21B61C94h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 7BE2C88Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CAE8AF43h
xor     eax, 0C0EE503Bh
add     eax, 9BF0B586h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0DCD56880h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 4F718F13h
add     eax, 0D2DF5D09h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D3545899h
sub     eax, 0AED53E0Ch
sub     eax, 0A2847E3Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0F08460E7h
xor     eax, 0D61496DDh
add     eax, 60C64329h
xor     eax, 93B16BB1h
add     eax, 0E0E99481h
add     eax, 8FE16B08h
not     eax
add     eax, 3C940B49h
sub     eax, 1D874AD5h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 38BF2A7Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 8BC65F62h
xor     eax, 73115BFEh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 9106E35Bh
sub     eax, 41F9325Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E902EFCAh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0A861413Eh
sub     eax, 0F3EFDF49h
xor     eax, 0C1CC7582h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 321BF6C9h
sub     eax, 87C16A87h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 1BA53580h
xor     eax, 0AC208204h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E10B777h
add     eax, 19A61974h
add     eax, 52D8B1F5h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 4683AA00h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0D73F04EFh
sub     eax, 3B5233ECh
not     eax
xor     eax, 469F68CBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 40962EA7h
sub     eax, 0D95DFA7Bh
sub     eax, 0AAF44975h
sub     eax, 9F5874EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D0AB5915h
xor     eax, 0A37E5ECBh
add     eax, 412BB27Eh
add     eax, 78C3210Ch
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 8ECA5BD7h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 703CBC91h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 72D37537h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0FD1B7589h
xor     eax, 531889BAh
xor     eax, 0B491CF6Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0EEB0CC8Ah
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 1F45F063h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 56F746E9h
sub     eax, 0A3C9F1FDh
sub     eax, 7A668FDDh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A3BDA40Ch
sub     eax, 0EC1AC9CBh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 3629DEBCh
xor     eax, 127E014Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 14DBC16Dh
sub     eax, 0BF06B097h
xor     eax, 5BDC4F41h
xor     eax, 615015B7h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B0738F1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B1A1AEFDh
xor     eax, 317F749Ch
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 3A635207h
sub     eax, 0F6F92AC4h
xor     eax, 3B52977Bh
add     eax, 0C39E9D00h
sub     eax, 441448D7h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 26F3FF87h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5E2B17F3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BF9CD68Dh
xor     eax, 0E75112BAh
sub     eax, 222B267Ah
sub     eax, 85EA5291h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 6492845Dh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7AE1C784h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E00A30ADh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0DD064728h
sub     eax, 0EEE915F9h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 59305E45h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EB9C0B11h
sub     eax, 0BA2E5F0Bh
sub     eax, 451AB2C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 2AA82F21h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0E52DF9A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 750EDF16h
not     eax
add     eax, 4DB60A34h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 513EAD9Ch
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 60CFAE87h
xor     eax, 65983AD2h
add     eax, 0A02F6EA6h
not     eax
add     eax, 88194372h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0E5DD92C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B7D5201h
xor     eax, 68AB4D93h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 24799250h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0E9E9D677h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B27AD5D7h
add     eax, 0ADC2E156h
xor     eax, 5F46C42Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4D5F5746h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AC9ED232h
add     eax, 0B3F8C076h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8AC6697Ch
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5406B899h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 372BA309h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 66093197h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3F2F3EE3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 408C06FFh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 7B8664BDh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 4AD49D75h
xor     eax, 0E5D1CC77h
sub     eax, 2CCBE64Fh
sub     eax, 2EA419B1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 283D8A52h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3D9D59BEh
xor     eax, 0A0E632BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0E36D79C7h
add     eax, 85380EE2h
add     eax, 90EADD19h
xor     eax, 0C01BF5CDh
xor     eax, 0DF719C94h
add     eax, 0B2FB366Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 6210A7EDh
add     eax, 0ADAB7903h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 7FED40E4h
sub     eax, 722AD6E9h
add     eax, 0A266C01Fh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 8F33571Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 15BCBEB6h
add     eax, 0EAF362B4h
xor     eax, 0CB18A2E6h
xor     eax, 0CBC0FD51h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 2542618Dh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 4C0DE6C6h
sub     eax, 0B23067FEh
xor     eax, 5BE7D4B7h
sub     eax, 0AADB90CCh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 793E60ABh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 4C5030B6h
sub     eax, 501A772Ah
xor     eax, 61934751h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7847DA45h
sub     eax, 0EDDD0F2Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0F81F5B30h
xor     eax, 623E17C4h
add     eax, 94EE461Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5027D710h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 243C6D85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6B1C1823h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 1531FD8Dh
add     eax, 7A453A77h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 81071866h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0B5DA3558h
add     eax, 0B94722A0h
add     eax, 0DB19E5F4h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 488DABD9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F0005AD4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DD56F004h
sub     eax, 0DD4DD62Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5F46567Ch
xor     eax, 0FCC85949h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 3EE14E46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 96ADB745h
xor     eax, 4EEC6EEBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5F5370A2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 631654B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 93D6BA77h
sub     eax, 8B6C23CEh
add     eax, 0FFA201C5h
sub     eax, 0BA225792h
add     eax, 6E46E6D9h
xor     eax, 752C3775h
xor     eax, 0A3E69DCDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B0805CECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3CDB6A6Ch
add     eax, 0DF44945Fh
sub     eax, 0F9630A05h
sub     eax, 0ECFAF06Ch
xor     eax, 2275E994h
sub     eax, 3C98E5CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9E899E98h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 31667A03h
sub     eax, 5DD7A5E6h
add     eax, 92EDC968h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A465F1EBh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0F5F823A3h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 545DC256h
xor     eax, 0C7EFB24Bh
xor     eax, 13060174h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 42DF2AEDh
sub     eax, 0D50D1B49h
sub     eax, 0D74168B9h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 6FAE2894h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 8707CC45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 3EB5FC6Fh
add     eax, 0FD633442h
sub     eax, 4003C266h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A65891E0h
xor     eax, 1C0B0A1Eh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 79AAF8C7h
add     eax, 0E947C916h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0B7FD2CAAh
add     eax, 512BE258h
sub     eax, 496F5B0Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 5E2B11D8h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 47D12963h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 22CAAF6Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0AE1468C4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 964BD179h
sub     eax, 463F9D25h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0D8214031h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 57422333h
sub     eax, 0B34B3F0Ch
sub     eax, 0FD056670h
sub     eax, 97FD53FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 864EBE19h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C4AECDEEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 48D88795h
add     eax, 0CE17A7DEh
add     eax, 0CD299FBEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 618AE4A2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7FE0DADh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 722F8AB6h
add     eax, 0ECE1E4FBh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 37EE70B0h
sub     eax, 0BFAC7556h
sub     eax, 0D83B6F18h
xor     eax, 0FA52E634h
xor     eax, 0B122A001h
add     eax, 0C59023A4h
xor     eax, 1AD7D19Ch
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 4180574Ch
sub     eax, 0AB4AC38Ch
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0CCE76B24h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0E94CF246h
xor     eax, 1FB49D77h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 967EB953h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5877581Bh
xor     eax, 86780B89h
sub     eax, 81F2D14Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0FC504BC3h
add     eax, 60DC2204h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 935DB25Bh
sub     eax, 72C003EAh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0FC235C13h
sub     eax, 56BE9987h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7C51F96Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 70F59C5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CBE3A799h
xor     eax, 9D9FFECBh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0C3D91AE4h
sub     eax, 5DB5124Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 18205324h
not     eax
xor     eax, 72752302h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0DE2E83FFh
sub     eax, 98A1CA4Dh
xor     eax, 0A4888F8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9AFBAD7Ah
sub     eax, 35783157h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 61F6B001h
xor     eax, 1916C906h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DDF70BF6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 48028438h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 7C8B08B1h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DB3B2BCDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DF603FC4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 6B5B6D12h
sub     eax, 0E41CF048h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 74365E15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CA5AC149h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D0024058h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 53AA9B60h
sub     eax, 0D658C947h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 7D321500h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 42E2A9EDh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 10D50A64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 19DC8F0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0FDFBB908h
add     eax, 6BB99A56h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 38ACC05Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 98FEA787h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 6213363Ch
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D1430B94h
sub     eax, 433AE87Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 76E08CABh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 5D0BFF70h
add     eax, 2E19D6F4h
add     eax, 0C42B9A1Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 9F511ED5h
sub     eax, 19921D92h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0B6F5BC86h
sub     eax, 0BABC2644h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 6010D7E6h
sub     eax, 588B7D98h
not     eax
xor     eax, 32550E4Bh
add     eax, 118062A8h
not     eax
add     eax, 9FD067AAh
sub     eax, 23AE0044h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 5D606CFAh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 87F6534Fh
sub     eax, 0EF196E84h
add     eax, 2E4EF80Ah
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 4BC55CCEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6638F3D0h
add     eax, 0B599B9F3h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A8A8CE3Ch
sub     eax, 33E4F862h
add     eax, 2624CA38h
add     eax, 0E6CE11D7h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C45FACBDh
add     eax, 3C39C20Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5BED1A6Ah
add     eax, 0B5F64ED6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 93D54043h
xor     eax, 0F8A5FBFFh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 3F483F42h
add     eax, 0BA1DF431h
add     eax, 0A2880ABCh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FD036267h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0AE55E99Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 91FC5795h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CABEC60Bh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0DA8A9F06h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6988CCD4h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 65C2F131h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 3C0243F9h
not     eax
add     eax, 8681B3E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 622AB0E9h
add     eax, 9BD1E548h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0A0CBD4ACh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 70578F46h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5B91FDEFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 791CB3C2h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9290461Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0DF07A7FAh
add     eax, 327D759Eh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0B5158A60h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3AF302BEh
xor     eax, 0DDB75F61h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 39CB3385h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 4757713Ah
xor     eax, 800A3169h
xor     eax, 0E44A9937h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0DCFA8443h
sub     eax, 94B295B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 96A34B40h
xor     eax, 8009A6E7h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 7BCE80E2h
sub     eax, 0AE0AB9B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 87D90EA2h
add     eax, 8F4D3013h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 59F3BC1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 7DE9F01Fh
xor     eax, 0B05A35D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 83F83590h
add     eax, 62C30D1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 65181318h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 137279FAh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B17DD316h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A64E8BB5h
add     eax, 49DABA7Fh
sub     eax, 4F462642h
sub     eax, 0B0B7B85Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2AEAAA25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB13A2FBh
add     eax, 0F9F116A4h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0CDD7B33Fh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0FA315E70h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0B89BA942h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2110453Dh
xor     eax, 0C2A147A2h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0C6E31663h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0E836B43Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1A64B111h
add     eax, 1676B31Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1F2C361Bh
add     eax, 4BA0FAFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2EC8BA5Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FF6D0012h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0C788E2AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 28524DA9h
sub     eax, 0C89D9E0Ch
sub     eax, 0F9EB3CC7h
add     eax, 66D5E80Dh
sub     eax, 1AEFCA46h
sub     eax, 8964728Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0CFD6AC21h
add     eax, 0E571D7BEh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 169A812Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E192ECB1h
sub     eax, 4262F8C6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 864D556Eh
xor     eax, 0DEA191CAh
add     eax, 541C28EAh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 470AD756h
sub     eax, 0E052ACE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 23193709h
xor     eax, 0F74139B5h
xor     eax, 0D679DE70h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 1E47725Eh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E9A249ABh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 8CB3A0CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 646B90B5h
xor     eax, 17C7C7FFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 2C777308h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8F6AC27Fh
sub     eax, 44F1A38Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4F99DF87h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 942AE2E1h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 98127A9Eh
sub     eax, 56704610h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C6E67440h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F8B76245h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 3D1D8D8Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 74EDDFF9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FAC15E97h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BDFD5B7Bh
add     eax, 6A05C995h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0FB4791BCh
sub     eax, 795A7607h
add     eax, 0A50A0DA8h
xor     eax, 21324BC9h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 2B3144E7h
sub     eax, 4F6FEFB7h
add     eax, 0F4D399C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6B8DD247h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3AF73D0h
sub     eax, 3D67E24Ah
xor     eax, 330C2369h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D75B02E9h
sub     eax, 0E8F08A26h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 88D67FF4h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 5F89CF01h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4245428Ch
add     eax, 0EE89ADEDh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 6BAE96CEh
sub     eax, 78E95A20h
sub     eax, 68DF199Bh
sub     eax, 0CA5C2B0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 308337C1h
add     eax, 0A5C94D5Bh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 642C941Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C1F39868h
add     eax, 41BE3F14h
xor     eax, 3124A487h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 17ABB483h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DD9815A4h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 815D9D7Ch
sub     eax, 0A9A8B453h
add     eax, 0DC8045C1h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0A4D1F231h
add     eax, 0F69B3F78h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 24866A70h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 6D461821h
add     eax, 72C2D2AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9D993284h
sub     eax, 0FCE639DCh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0E16E073Bh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 169A6752h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0DE596D6Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 662FAC5Ch
sub     eax, 0B7922339h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0DBD66DF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 91AC1360h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 8A11090Dh
add     eax, 0C1F99324h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1233CB52h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 7EFF19E3h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0EE8D9A43h
add     eax, 5B930D42h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 14AC917Ch
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 20C1B250h
add     eax, 0D423AF8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C0C7589Eh
sub     eax, 7ACF600Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6B47C080h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DA9D0BCBh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 6E1DE106h
sub     eax, 4FA0F110h
sub     eax, 5EE7F517h
not     eax
add     eax, 9593734Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FC982E58h
add     eax, 2CD1BDF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C55F78D0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0C5D3DA65h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0AF1122F4h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0FDCF9C5Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E31B8DBEh
xor     eax, 4B3E7034h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 4422D08Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5D5A0122h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A21FC738h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 597F5DDAh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9128C8C5h
sub     eax, 0BF39A56Bh
sub     eax, 0F8086564h
xor     eax, 346B7E12h
sub     eax, 0EED6B1FCh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 1A2BCCCFh
xor     eax, 7587CB99h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D9555650h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E7939F9h
add     eax, 7594A4DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0A995D92Dh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D42AC463h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 1835070Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0ED994138h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 52BA54EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CD6E3DEBh
sub     eax, 0E9E569D8h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 35D51AB9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B1A5DE81h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F1653143h
sub     eax, 5AF8FB24h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AFD78C09h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 445DF532h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0E926D4F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D4B6B073h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0FA22CDC8h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7FE3493Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 85DF3979h
add     eax, 72B05BDFh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 773A8EA3h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 6FE4C78Ch
xor     eax, 0CBFF70DFh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 76ABF13Bh
sub     eax, 400E41A0h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 1D0EE4E7h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AC7178CFh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 55DC8D60h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0BF25156Eh
xor     eax, 6AB25F41h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 179562E7h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 6780B7A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6E7D76F8h
not     eax
add     eax, 888284BAh
xor     eax, 9EEFC543h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FE31CF06h
sub     eax, 8A8D68C0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 409FEB49h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5800A341h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 95DD7975h
sub     eax, 155AE9A2h
xor     eax, 96FCD0F3h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A1CCBC22h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 2314E80Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 31ED2D32h
sub     eax, 0A701BC57h
add     eax, 22B029A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0C828B43Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0B94A7109h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 656F124Dh
sub     eax, 494ACAAEh
add     eax, 4AD3573Dh
sub     eax, 18AA0B6Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5822B1BFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 39B2BBB3h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C86B1551h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 7A25DB5Bh
add     eax, 2FC29B88h
sub     eax, 0DEF2BC28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0C448FCA3h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0D46E51EAh
xor     eax, 881FCB34h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4A04A763h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 282ABA55h
sub     eax, 392A902Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 0B104A5A3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 56D18A24h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 34FDB5CFh
not     eax
add     eax, 9ECF073Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 6E4740B3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B4710E26h
add     eax, 16E55A9Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 18D33BE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 707C734Eh
xor     eax, 0BFD44EB5h
xor     eax, 0A9A44C6Bh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4C8912C1h
xor     eax, 0C2DE1983h
add     eax, 98C9B3FFh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 12EE6A46h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3DD09249h
not     eax
add     eax, 90EE8A9Fh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CCDB0C83h
add     eax, 36EE1D49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C5F9BD9Bh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 6AAEF6EDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B576DDAAh
xor     eax, 0ABF208F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BD10CAB3h
add     eax, 7CC26216h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 9F6FC94Ch
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 5578B70Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 429E5CE4h
add     eax, 6A39891Fh
xor     eax, 9B0C9F78h
sub     eax, 0B6A25956h
sub     eax, 0F82D46D4h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 8C512273h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0EA5E7541h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E284D692h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 556C89F5h
sub     eax, 4FBBC0F4h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 72F1DDD6h
sub     eax, 0FFD5845Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DB14E589h
xor     eax, 8316B284h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E55D96F6h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0B057A219h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 5D0EDD65h
add     eax, 0D9736308h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D8CFA9DDh
xor     eax, 6A6F5FFEh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AB37F2CFh
not     eax
add     eax, 0EB16D4E1h
xor     eax, 28D537A9h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 83A4B2CEh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 4305707Dh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 7B4DA999h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FF381BD9h
sub     eax, 0B61CEAE2h
xor     eax, 0B207828Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3A5885A7h
add     eax, 93495445h
add     eax, 115CD158h
add     eax, 85BA8AF2h
add     eax, 0F205C2DAh
add     eax, 517FB462h
xor     eax, 88F1A84Ch
sub     eax, 32273E99h
sub     eax, 1A3CCDBDh
sub     eax, 64E052E1h
xor     eax, 0C1B9E4F1h
xor     eax, 0DE4595A3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 5648413Fh
xor     eax, 113BE9ACh
add     eax, 0F5F01868h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FB60789Bh
sub     eax, 0BAACAA96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 83D34248h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0EC0ED902h
sub     eax, 1D0C869Bh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 9D236047h
sub     eax, 0DDEC93B4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4835BB7Ah
add     eax, 5714838Ch
add     eax, 8EC18F70h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CC3E49F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CA46F5B8h
sub     eax, 0A7FFFD7Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 18DE9C49h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 3095F9BCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 59E95759h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0E28026AFh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9382B90Bh
xor     eax, 0B0FD75ADh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BB313D88h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AFA06F1Ch
sub     eax, 2FC85DF6h
xor     eax, 9139F3FDh
add     eax, 34390549h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A9C2808h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0B335D052h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 8D5CB2EDh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0B4252EEAh
xor     eax, 1CF59C68h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 7D8835BDh
add     eax, 2C94EB90h
xor     eax, 8F5C950Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6BA06083h
sub     eax, 6D58CAAAh
xor     eax, 0CF2B3809h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 295D06A0h
sub     eax, 6FA6A90Ah
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 517407FCh
sub     eax, 6F707904h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 25EE6B5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 1FAA7E4Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 97B5B854h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0A37FAE2Ah
xor     eax, 9DE90F98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9A2DC5ABh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0C2B3C6B3h
sub     eax, 5BFEB1E0h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 3F8384F5h
sub     eax, 0D53441AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DBFC1392h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 552D4B76h
add     eax, 0B64C954Ah
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 5BFDA7DEh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0EA142F9Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 48AF7CECh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 9DE6253Ch
add     eax, 26D075C8h
xor     eax, 0B33E2735h
sub     eax, 684576C2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 20A3DBB9h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 3B068F27h
add     eax, 595C760Dh
sub     eax, 9E26CF06h
add     eax, 0AC3E024Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F1A35388h
add     eax, 0C60A5E1Ch
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CE1AEAE1h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 51915CCFh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9DF15703h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0C1499B84h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 8D84237Eh
add     eax, 326C762Fh
sub     eax, 38796AD8h
sub     eax, 0CC836B65h
add     eax, 0FF1EDD98h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E68B6FE6h
add     eax, 0FCC6A668h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B4F19F49h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8773F919h
sub     eax, 0AB25C36Eh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 541DBD86h
add     eax, 0F5486900h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 7E88CC3Bh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0F24270FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4A958175h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5BCE2D26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 7A8B3062h
xor     eax, 0A175BDE3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BE7ACD7Eh
add     eax, 91D4DFC1h
xor     eax, 0C1A20170h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 20B325D1h
xor     eax, 0ACD9EB61h
add     eax, 0E7F150CCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4050ACEFh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 254ADDFAh
xor     eax, 0F2803449h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 6FA37392h
add     eax, 4785B7CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CF15E093h
xor     eax, 0BE3F092Ah
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 7112B4B5h
xor     eax, 42F11F48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 21A0C38Ah
xor     eax, 8A8B817Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0AE70946Ch
sub     eax, 0B0017B91h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 3CB27D12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0A23C8F55h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0BF4252BEh
sub     eax, 7F488DB0h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0EDB80D20h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 877F72F9h
add     eax, 0B509B151h
sub     eax, 0DC483003h
sub     eax, 81F0407Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 27DFF92Eh
add     eax, 0B3AC5805h
xor     eax, 70C0F5C4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0D7A11259h
xor     eax, 0D16CE913h
add     eax, 0B84CB2E7h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 23459F14h
add     eax, 9D68DB06h
add     eax, 0BCCBA895h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 8E370B65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 52B638DDh
sub     eax, 0BA2D0482h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0CE9E5422h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3BB74821h
add     eax, 324AAB04h
add     eax, 19358975h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 46C1CD26h
xor     eax, 9D196641h
sub     eax, 0EB428224h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5E000103h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EBDB2C13h
add     eax, 0E0C2CEADh
sub     eax, 0A8E68D0Ah
sub     eax, 3F570C6Ch
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 9BE69376h
xor     eax, 0ECB42E6Ah
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C357F95Dh
add     eax, 6327D4D7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E6541B7Eh
xor     eax, 0F54EFD71h
xor     eax, 47529528h
add     eax, 0A66D8705h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4780C0ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B1721E83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E376B111h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C8E00CA0h
sub     eax, 0CD695862h
xor     eax, 0DCB8CB86h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A1A912B5h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 43FB9F26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 356C99B2h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C3089BB6h
add     eax, 3248BCCAh
sub     eax, 0EEA56DF9h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 50C56659h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 196AE618h
sub     eax, 0A0751A20h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 6F067AF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DBAEEBEFh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0BA65E365h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 300B2ACFh
add     eax, 9A39D151h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AA33FE4Bh
add     eax, 96016931h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 50B51B0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B608CDF4h
xor     eax, 568B8CD9h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0BE3D9251h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F9A585DFh
sub     eax, 0C97248BAh
add     eax, 0DC29A086h
sub     eax, 361C9FD2h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0EB412F14h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CA579ED8h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BD65AEF5h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E3515DF5h
sub     eax, 5F731C1Ah
xor     eax, 213B049Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 90F32142h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D03CFD98h
add     eax, 0B47086E1h
xor     eax, 22DAA12Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2C3F9349h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 1B0CC136h
add     eax, 0C3126F06h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B9B55D87h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0CBE5C6BFh
add     eax, 7E9ABEFCh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0F1CE79CCh
sub     eax, 330EC70Ah
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 9B7AE5AEh
xor     eax, 9F9F6263h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2F8F0C7Ch
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0C3516FAAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0E5C3D8A8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D04BEB58h
xor     eax, 270B0E2Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5FB0C27Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0EFBDD932h
xor     eax, 0EF17D35Fh
sub     eax, 0CDF70BC3h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 3E65284Dh
sub     eax, 40D334E7h
add     eax, 0A745415Dh
sub     eax, 20E8BEA9h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 6775FE8Dh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0B586C472h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3749DD17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BC7AAA87h
xor     eax, 2EDF1514h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 25F24343h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B27FF666h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D9B8BD14h
sub     eax, 6A188958h
sub     eax, 0B85C4EE0h
sub     eax, 8D8630EAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 936B7444h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4514EDDEh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 6C2C0F57h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D3211FFDh
xor     eax, 12F79A03h
add     eax, 0F2DDEF68h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0C0080D3Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 9B208550h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0F54EDAA3h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 1EDBD4EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0DABF0782h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0AF0F29F9h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0C48C6D83h
sub     eax, 560503C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5507FA13h
xor     eax, 0FF035953h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 64386B62h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0E4E31BBFh
xor     eax, 0A43DE124h
xor     eax, 0D94C8B02h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 22FB366Dh
add     eax, 0A4D6CFA9h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 79661696h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 2971CC46h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C2B3593Fh
xor     eax, 0EA6DC9DDh
add     eax, 60DE83E0h
sub     eax, 0B66BF01Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 55529B2Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 8E08BACAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0B7207061h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 4EA5BE6Fh
sub     eax, 0D82ABA98h
add     eax, 9ECC6784h
sub     eax, 2D212DE5h
not     eax
add     eax, 78AA9F79h
add     eax, 0A621F8CCh
xor     eax, 2D4EE55Dh
add     eax, 4F9EF2FEh
add     eax, 0A52FE775h
xor     eax, 16491A33h
sub     eax, 38488A8Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0ED7ED1D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0D0A90DBEh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0D2742F3Ah
sub     eax, 0F7837FB2h
sub     eax, 0C76EAE6Eh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 34781B4Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 158C0793h
add     eax, 4D289FBDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0ED0A6B89h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0F3BFBEBCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 761481DDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 30FACC67h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 1CBB789Eh
add     eax, 48BA649Fh
add     eax, 37B34D36h
xor     eax, 9DC833EFh
sub     eax, 0F24DAB6Ch
xor     eax, 37DF03D7h
add     eax, 6903EE9Fh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 3B97E01Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EA3C861Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C8B3FE9Dh
add     eax, 0B45E3513h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0B2F82314h
sub     eax, 98AFD766h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 1C3F6F74h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 4635075Bh
xor     eax, 0D75B18E7h
not     eax
add     eax, 38000885h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0E0C73AA1h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9B8922BEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A0241050h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E462B73h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0A0547BE1h
sub     eax, 65C557D8h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 1854C93Dh
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8163519Fh
xor     eax, 0F0F93EEBh
add     eax, 0F5057D1Dh
xor     eax, 3BE6B164h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3A5FFC11h
sub     eax, 10CE49EAh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 11E8DC12h
sub     eax, 0D426F235h
add     eax, 0A5DCFF0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1A5D47AFh
sub     eax, 97C08A7Fh
xor     eax, 12D75B83h
xor     eax, 0DE9366F7h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 65CA5113h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 6636452Bh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 4807B56Bh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9CF11820h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0AB70D02Bh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 87DAC6CBh
add     eax, 8FDACB2Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BBBF1DB1h
xor     eax, 0A9E34329h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7F8AE1EAh
add     eax, 0E706AFCFh
add     eax, 0C5AAFA06h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 99E1A283h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DB69581Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 7DFFDAD3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 1AF7DEBEh
sub     eax, 0C64BB941h
sub     eax, 0E3BEADEDh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 40D1347Eh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 38851ACFh
xor     eax, 4E6BF6A9h
xor     eax, 212583C8h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 3146EDCCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0AA498541h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D2016A53h
sub     eax, 0F2FF2916h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0BC5F2117h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D33A1AE4h
sub     eax, 5F440653h
add     eax, 64F709A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 481E51A2h
add     eax, 9FCF9EA5h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D89892BFh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 42593632h
add     eax, 2DCB83FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0A817ABB9h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 422B11AEh
add     eax, 59401F4Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A73DC864h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0DD054A70h
add     eax, 9C8CCC94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0A01E3970h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 34E257F3h
add     eax, 0DE0BFFA6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 371057C1h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D02C4694h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 152581E2h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3B1F2AABh
add     eax, 0C97CD124h
xor     eax, 768E43DDh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 9F99206Dh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 3B112D87h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7E76B58Ah
xor     eax, 863A64B5h
xor     eax, 6B7906DCh
xor     eax, 6F3AED11h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 2588064Ch
xor     eax, 0C4AC3F20h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 7F41580Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BD8F0675h
sub     eax, 816BABD5h
sub     eax, 0A015E4E6h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0A3E1BA43h
sub     eax, 0E0299932h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 9AB3ED58h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1D06EFA7h
add     eax, 91057B02h
sub     eax, 8D633B2Dh
xor     eax, 0A048BD67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 755D4CC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A8EC6CDDh
sub     eax, 0F943678Fh
sub     eax, 7E9A1479h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 489240BCh
add     eax, 67AEE18Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 4D65EF17h
sub     eax, 0C4064421h
sub     eax, 1EDA6B6Fh
sub     eax, 8B526ED1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 245D9A55h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 459A8960h
xor     eax, 645901A1h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 958C3CFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 377CFAF0h
xor     eax, 66E51724h
sub     eax, 5E96843Bh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 1FFC2C44h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0D183F4FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7926FBFAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD4DEE32h
sub     eax, 43BA90F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 15F7C099h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 60D0E0CBh
sub     eax, 52A7E28Ch
xor     eax, 0D54F03C4h
sub     eax, 0E9AF9134h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 23112171h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E220D144h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BCBC65A3h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 2C8D34F7h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 636D8675h
sub     eax, 381EF442h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 1D8FF242h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 212F7FADh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 3921F9EEh
xor     eax, 0EA3AC35Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 80485D3Fh
add     eax, 0A43C1720h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0E72B725Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0C877CDC6h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 3414737Fh
add     eax, 27AFA12Fh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 24DA23EBh
not     eax
add     eax, 8790DEA0h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 8AB7F001h
sub     eax, 12525496h
xor     eax, 0DB0CD1A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BECBAB8Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 8C68D73Eh
add     eax, 0A8432590h
sub     eax, 0BFCB284Ch
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4F9A5179h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EAF176C3h
sub     eax, 69B8DB18h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0F5D23028h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0A8E20D8Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 69E9ED28h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 9B9526CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4FDD1B6Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F5CBBBB1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4D2CDEC7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DD9E2619h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 3A661F8Ch
sub     eax, 7FA60344h
add     eax, 5372D6D7h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E4728A7Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0BD1BBF0Dh
xor     eax, 0B26DEC34h
xor     eax, 3DC31AF0h
xor     eax, 9B6624ADh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 17D98407h
add     eax, 5CD25513h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C2241044h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CA637116h
add     eax, 0D806750Fh
xor     eax, 99E9C88Ah
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6A7F0FB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 251C7326h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E3445D70h
xor     eax, 6F284EDAh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 23179059h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EF847133h
xor     eax, 7872E725h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2EF43585h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0ED7E879Bh
sub     eax, 8C4D7079h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 231770F7h
xor     eax, 0E888E5E8h
not     eax
add     eax, 2A48790Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0E2AC36A7h
xor     eax, 6E7259A1h
sub     eax, 8018B4EFh
xor     eax, 115681EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EC008690h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 49C51F63h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 5A696837h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BC05A1FDh
add     eax, 0B02DEB5Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 287DD61Dh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 87B8F0A7h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 390B8185h
add     eax, 35CC79B2h
xor     eax, 0E327E0EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B851B4CFh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0EF763B05h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0C5F8B6F0h
sub     eax, 0D22EE6D3h
xor     eax, 62B1E35Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0EA08D35Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7D3CF6EBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B874AF4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C1ED537Fh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 920DF128h
add     eax, 0EE3CDACFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 68931457h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 16F5243Ch
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 63905192h
xor     eax, 3215D14Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0EDA79180h
xor     eax, 4110A7B8h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 9E7252CFh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E48D1CB4h
xor     eax, 0F213F43Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 84A4A150h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 7D7BE2D6h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 826C75BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 951ADD5Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 8D80B4E2h
xor     eax, 0DBD3B3FCh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 21BF0B8Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0A68BEDDFh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B82A0869h
sub     eax, 97F86904h
xor     eax, 132A7075h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0A7925DB4h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 5D00C504h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 9B233219h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0E6A43157h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C9908000h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0C0019CE4h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 5D418003h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 847D3260h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0A833110Bh
add     eax, 7F6832E3h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 2D77203Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0ECD3ADBCh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0D87F11F1h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 6DA69CACh
xor     eax, 0F503AF25h
xor     eax, 3ABB0F52h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 58C5600Ch
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 444251C7h
sub     eax, 3400254Dh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 589487AFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 60270ECEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8DA5F7DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 1975401Eh
sub     eax, 7E76B090h
sub     eax, 72AB5750h
xor     eax, 0B51667C3h
add     eax, 0CE70C52Bh
xor     eax, 0C8897E94h
sub     eax, 3D04FBE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0BB96C8D0h
sub     eax, 5CC8766Bh
xor     eax, 33AB011Fh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 21D017DDh
add     eax, 0BC585D08h
add     eax, 0CC502EABh
xor     eax, 1AECA461h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0F7D11F26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BA90D7F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EF568D39h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 7BA10DC9h
add     eax, 0F686B03Dh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 83322D18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 7D4FF53Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A47B9E03h
sub     eax, 5A3A6F8Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 1C203BE0h
add     eax, 2524E7BEh
not     eax
add     eax, 94F2D5C0h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 14F6F520h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 9BF9D8B4h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0F0EEC5BAh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 773B11A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B02E08B1h
add     eax, 1629BACEh
sub     eax, 0F2956320h
xor     eax, 0A4391A6Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 870FCD64h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0CA78FD2Ah
add     eax, 38488646h
not     eax
xor     eax, 44416A72h
xor     eax, 1EF8DB65h
xor     eax, 93397DCCh
add     eax, 5C58E736h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E4D1D869h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0E1616DA5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 938FC114h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 318E2056h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AA7D1F39h
add     eax, 0C30E89F3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E9D1F0D3h
xor     eax, 0DD8BD662h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E707BBE5h
xor     eax, 21DB6F7Dh
add     eax, 253C77A0h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 7C5B5C4Ah
add     eax, 0EA424A78h
xor     eax, 5634EC3Dh
sub     eax, 0DC483EC4h
add     eax, 3527BFB7h
sub     eax, 0C2CEEF7Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 294A1962h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0C2E60352h
xor     eax, 1196C084h
sub     eax, 0C9238071h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 8F3AE582h
xor     eax, 12618E3Fh
add     eax, 0C0499BD3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A24AEC4Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E79B19EFh
add     eax, 0ED42B4BAh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9090B295h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 21FFD4C5h
sub     eax, 0E68BD1C4h
sub     eax, 563F6223h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 0B7FB4922h
sub     eax, 6BB9815Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0A89B8859h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0B95ED997h
xor     eax, 11005EFBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FFA43B04h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0E8CCBB62h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5743BF56h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 558FC580h
add     eax, 3B3DC864h
add     eax, 3893DFBDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7350D24Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B76A793Ah
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0E6E914E7h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E0579E50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 506D010Eh
add     eax, 0FE9835C0h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 64FD6DFFh
add     eax, 0E1D7D594h
xor     eax, 951FD350h
add     eax, 54C955A1h
add     eax, 126643F2h
xor     eax, 694535CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BDD74FCAh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 1765114Bh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 41D8C039h
sub     eax, 2556BE99h
xor     eax, 3AB54575h
sub     eax, 7D6A0A73h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 293867CAh
add     eax, 3617853Bh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 68827E0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 2947CA79h
xor     eax, 94603AC8h
sub     eax, 41ABD1B7h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 3774EF94h
sub     eax, 7E4F79D4h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B74F5141h
add     eax, 53BF9818h
sub     eax, 8F0C7AD7h
xor     eax, 0D733EB1Eh
sub     eax, 538EB50Bh
add     eax, 704F7719h
xor     eax, 90865F9Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 988B511Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7C898B94h
xor     eax, 63D100CEh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 9AFC9108h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D2B4EF02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0F248CE56h
xor     eax, 29F873CEh
add     eax, 0CF4DFB75h
xor     eax, 0DEDEF438h
sub     eax, 0D4712EEEh
add     eax, 0AAB831B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BD07AC37h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 18F9772Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7170F731h
xor     eax, 0CD3A7F64h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 150F2EC1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E146E332h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4459205Bh
sub     eax, 84EA8CD8h
xor     eax, 0B8A1D4A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CA8E3DD6h
sub     eax, 651CE37Fh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 22BC5DD7h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 96A545D6h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 2337E864h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0E20CFF26h
not     eax
add     eax, 9D72F67Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7805249Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0DFD92EF4h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 6897ADEDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 5D060629h
sub     eax, 12020762h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D651DEB9h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0E922B301h
xor     eax, 3767E0C5h
sub     eax, 0B57088C7h
add     eax, 0BAF50CC1h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 9C161CC6h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0C0AACF41h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0FF95C931h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 7A0A1C4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BDA2926Fh
sub     eax, 0A771D40Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 1E564E81h
add     eax, 0CA8AA613h
add     eax, 33ADD5B1h
sub     eax, 5B6389B0h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BB6F840Dh
xor     eax, 873E3F5Dh
xor     eax, 609D99D2h
add     eax, 601F667Ch
xor     eax, 90F138FAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 659C15FFh
add     eax, 8B8FD0D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D766D44Bh
add     eax, 0D5AD12CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0A149D746h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 86805718h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 31F2EC54h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0A807C75Eh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 27B456DFh
sub     eax, 0A98FC033h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C6D1BE64h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DF9AA269h
sub     eax, 13827BE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 911CDC3Ch
xor     eax, 6CD6E5CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 7F934DCBh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F56FA7D7h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D6108390h
xor     eax, 720EF73Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 1BE22D82h
xor     eax, 8EA031D2h
xor     eax, 865CC220h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 47B9331Ch
add     eax, 0BE944DFCh
xor     eax, 0A9A97C1Eh
sub     eax, 3F1F369Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0EC73F8B9h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 46E4B83Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 939B8B9Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6E932748h
sub     eax, 9FA0800Dh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0EF180511h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6BF559C5h
xor     eax, 745179EFh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 550CF226h
not     eax
sub     eax, 621D7C5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EC269476h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0A1313758h
sub     eax, 1261890Ch
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0BA677449h
sub     eax, 0AB77F326h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0AB82D13Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 8E882BF2h
add     eax, 778BA878h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0E6960059h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BC94CE6Ah
add     eax, 0AB57577Dh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1AECA9A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 40D8ABC3h
xor     eax, 223DCC63h
xor     eax, 8EC4A155h
xor     eax, 0A125B341h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2F677310h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 6636295Eh
add     eax, 0EBD17AC1h
sub     eax, 56861D16h
xor     eax, 882AADFBh
xor     eax, 21EF81B8h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 603A6A77h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0AC63DF08h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 788E7B50h
xor     eax, 23EC7266h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 769F243Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1C90664Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7C955463h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 1CBFCA14h
sub     eax, 9FD667DAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D38431B4h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 440F67BAh
add     eax, 73EC8F3Ch
xor     eax, 4C973097h
xor     eax, 81F284BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ABB82C76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0CAE19A45h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0B435E5E3h
xor     eax, 0BF49419Dh
add     eax, 62FD4ECFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 65810A2Eh
xor     eax, 16F1AF0Fh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 570B6D52h
add     eax, 2177547Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0F9DEAF8Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 472F8D50h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 2E66E594h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 70E4852Fh
add     eax, 0D884C6A8h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 501EFB09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0EA35A028h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6B247DD8h
add     eax, 0D46FB655h
add     eax, 4E6C5FB1h
xor     eax, 908014C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 28993920h
sub     eax, 0F6DEF4A0h
xor     eax, 0BA019917h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0AE026D21h
xor     eax, 0C4F0F270h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3165902Ah
xor     eax, 0D22807F0h
xor     eax, 77D95570h
sub     eax, 0A5EAF015h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3EC522DEh
sub     eax, 2335C3DAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2EF54733h
add     eax, 0C2DF2648h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0AA78107Ch
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 3E1DE89Ah
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0DA0F333Bh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 4D195DA5h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 55200BD7h
sub     eax, 226DA337h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 7B449BC2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 90859D4Ch
xor     eax, 6F8C8FB0h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 4FA69B70h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 548E086Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 6B399775h
add     eax, 238846B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8F8DEF0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 1A05FAC0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AEA28113h
sub     eax, 4DC916FBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 971ECA9Dh
add     eax, 36E7F354h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 5620197Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7079AC1Ch
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0F326719Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0C9AC10B7h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 2F4283FAh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0D844EDC1h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 2A1EA5B2h
sub     eax, 1B4F8AC5h
xor     eax, 523C9095h
xor     eax, 6A1246C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 423C127Fh
xor     eax, 189C23B4h
add     eax, 25710689h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 6C3640B6h
sub     eax, 0C61875CFh
add     eax, 0F2393481h
xor     eax, 3CC784A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 51915C78h
xor     eax, 2DABDF98h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0E6C81A46h
sub     eax, 354A57FCh
sub     eax, 0AE9B7F4Eh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0F0B37582h
sub     eax, 821452D9h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AF05727Fh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 17295AB8h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 88CCA110h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0D77ECAB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F9F36ED3h
sub     eax, 560BB9F8h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 5C3D29D3h
xor     eax, 956CDF32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2B86F8E0h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 86224936h
add     eax, 6B9DD23Fh
xor     eax, 0BBB1E5D3h
add     eax, 0F118B5CAh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2561680Bh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6F824FB4h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 6FED55BAh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 8A2CBA95h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 9BA390D4h
xor     eax, 0E77D6FFDh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 678637CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 7FD5C3CDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 44F4BB0Bh
xor     eax, 0BF4E2896h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FEC9EA91h
add     eax, 2336A8D6h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0D106114Ah
xor     eax, 6C8DF0D3h
sub     eax, 3041FA8Bh
xor     eax, 0B4DBBB50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9028BDAFh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0AF5044FCh
add     eax, 0D6A6C752h
xor     eax, 7FA02933h
sub     eax, 0DE70FC97h
add     eax, 5D38B3E6h
xor     eax, 84328735h
xor     eax, 0CB3A1D55h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D41168BEh
add     eax, 9E5ABA3Eh
add     eax, 323D2BB6h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0C4C3E0A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0C0D208D6h
add     eax, 4027A1C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 6EF9976Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 59A97212h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1F4B4AB9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3C6BFDB7h
sub     eax, 0DC70ACEEh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 659A1E9Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 6A6923C1h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 93504AF2h
sub     eax, 7724523Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 725AC27Dh
sub     eax, 0FEE67657h
add     eax, 2479692Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AD1616A7h
add     eax, 4FEB3AF7h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 4AF7D638h
add     eax, 0DAE0BAE7h
sub     eax, 511AA60Dh
sub     eax, 5BCA69E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 29F3F14Fh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 1B5E2C10h
xor     eax, 6E117088h
xor     eax, 0CB2082A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 9113F66Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 5B7DB461h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 6AA41B2Bh
xor     eax, 4C9242DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0EE991B2Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 455BA51Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0ED181EF7h
sub     eax, 0C99A837Dh
sub     eax, 720FC3CFh
not     eax
add     eax, 73876A7Fh
xor     eax, 0E29C4009h
sub     eax, 0AF6478F1h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 97F7AB92h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9BA56474h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 328B8BB7h
sub     eax, 0E8E4B5F3h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0CED84F85h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0F6120CD8h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 5BFC6C60h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 2C1990ADh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 6B76A6A0h
sub     eax, 6F908C80h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E7CF8369h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 7965F8BAh
add     eax, 0F34C2540h
xor     eax, 4D983D93h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0A7ADD344h
sub     eax, 4B189C6Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0BBC4DD2Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A3718885h
xor     eax, 3929B12Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3A4D1604h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D88CD686h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 79A2D129h
xor     eax, 5E7C56A3h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 9A3AE6F6h
xor     eax, 2156B5C7h
add     eax, 613E5994h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6FB225D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2FAADFD1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 83252462h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 69001AEAh
sub     eax, 0CFEDD3BDh
xor     eax, 50E3BF17h
add     eax, 0CB6AD39Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FFDA9B34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A7B4623Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D7CDA368h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F3F9FC79h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 1BC4F5A8h
sub     eax, 0C3787CF8h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 6D336C35h
xor     eax, 0B358A548h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A1D4C5DAh
add     eax, 0CD5E98B9h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0C047EC7Eh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 3E506AB0h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0A5AA0B57h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 93EB56E7h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E3914E78h
not     eax
xor     eax, 94B5E137h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 95A31310h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 8DA1C0CEh
sub     eax, 0B2829025h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 9E36DB35h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0C701F89Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 478ED711h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9EE6677Dh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AF36CFC8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 443C29EFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 50B10D4Eh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D00D9C7Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0DFBFA9B0h
xor     eax, 57D0316Ch
xor     eax, 9A26CA8Fh
sub     eax, 0EA61E7FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0FC65ACE9h
xor     eax, 0C88D2BBCh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 46E9F10Ah
add     eax, 5D2B1198h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0D7711CC8h
xor     eax, 84589713h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 3A6EE195h
xor     eax, 0BC149045h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DBDF22DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 3B034EC0h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 599D3606h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 899618EBh
add     eax, 9FC263E6h
add     eax, 852FB8FAh
sub     eax, 8F1C9AA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3BF5FAB8h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0F6808B60h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A49DF9E3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A05A83DCh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 40C366B8h
sub     eax, 0B9819118h
add     eax, 7E9B9917h
sub     eax, 0B15A003Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C9473A68h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 69DE751Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4D600971h
xor     eax, 0A26E8E4Bh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 523E217Ah
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 4447CDD5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5C97AA75h
not     eax
sub     eax, 60859A15h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 418625B7h
xor     eax, 87BB5CA6h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0E7F863A1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 63403225h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0F3D5CF51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0BBC3D542h
not     eax
sub     eax, 802AA471h
xor     eax, 0AA120AA5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 44BA04E5h
sub     eax, 5FD0C968h
xor     eax, 7270C1C7h
xor     eax, 46BD649Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 833875AEh
add     eax, 0A7CADBF9h
sub     eax, 5966539Fh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0F3893EA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BCAEF087h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 60DBA1BFh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 6BBD4D8Ah
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 6513E2F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D5D1C9A4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C38A373Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1289ADE6h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0CCAD2CD3h
xor     eax, 0E950AF47h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 11D1E588h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BB082897h
add     eax, 7402CEB5h
xor     eax, 0FAFED547h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0BA35B8E9h
add     eax, 0B2544AD3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 163F7688h
xor     eax, 84D898B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6DA32EEBh
sub     eax, 4465235Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 5492BD31h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 2CD9A38Dh
add     eax, 3560072Ch
add     eax, 0C356930Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9D151573h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0DB0085ACh
xor     eax, 0F73D28F4h
xor     eax, 6F9AD2DDh
xor     eax, 29DB63A1h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 51F6FAB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 6DB135EDh
add     eax, 0A7B96D06h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 8A96DD67h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 616626C1h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4CFC07B3h
xor     eax, 820DCD6Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0BD3D5874h
add     eax, 4AAF41CCh
xor     eax, 92D81802h
add     eax, 0DFD61A9Bh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 5CEF6964h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0F9A8BB94h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 262FDC28h
add     eax, 0CBCB43FFh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 218E6545h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7BA99D4Fh
xor     eax, 0B8691477h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 5ABFF9AAh
sub     eax, 0F0A4474Ah
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 612B5C2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F3D8FF99h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0B89DED4Ah
sub     eax, 8FA233CCh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 3E2561CEh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5C96125Ah
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BFB5C0D8h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0BF2769FDh
sub     eax, 0CEBC29A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9ABCDFDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E6D93533h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 968F7873h
add     eax, 0E820398Ch
add     eax, 0B8CFA68Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 3F818CD8h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1C40CE28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AE2332DFh
add     eax, 489CECECh
add     eax, 0CD3D8FA4h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 323F5210h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0D2089802h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 9D619883h
xor     eax, 65080EF8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FFB453C6h
sub     eax, 0D0C18567h
sub     eax, 84439C34h
xor     eax, 2B638562h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6E1743E3h
sub     eax, 10B647B3h
not     eax
add     eax, 4E869D59h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 20CB761Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 152750CCh
add     eax, 0A296A75Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1C18A7C2h
sub     eax, 0F8C490E8h
xor     eax, 0AFD084C9h
xor     eax, 0A44D9E7Eh
add     eax, 0CD326FBFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5B607F20h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0A78267A6h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 73CA86F6h
sub     eax, 61A33A9Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 81496535h
add     eax, 3C496C0Dh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0BF11CD21h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3D4EA7FBh
sub     eax, 0C80FB91Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 72122FD5h
xor     eax, 0D783EE03h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 11D2CAF0h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 15F7DB4Ah
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E261745Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0CADDC4BFh
xor     eax, 0EC5C8D00h
add     eax, 0C7C1B8F0h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 60677052h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 51306369h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 10EB641Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A22A7196h
xor     eax, 44CCF139h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 555A056Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C71EAED3h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0F882EC48h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0E281BC5Eh
add     eax, 0A3C68354h
sub     eax, 97B182D5h
sub     eax, 0E3DAD1C3h
xor     eax, 407C9413h
sub     eax, 7C03C4C0h
sub     eax, 3E0EFAABh
add     eax, 0BBFDC47Eh
sub     eax, 8D9B0E5Eh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 70C6786Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9443BCCFh
sub     eax, 0CF71A739h
add     eax, 2F3AA8C3h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E1F4B36Bh
add     eax, 72A48C37h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C3BB61A5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9065FFAEh
sub     eax, 213EEB6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0F9B5F411h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0EA0D29ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0DFE7020Eh
xor     eax, 36465B8Bh
sub     eax, 0EC56DAD1h
sub     eax, 67982AF5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0BB4EAC85h
sub     eax, 492F87F3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4F1BEAAFh
add     eax, 480BA530h
add     eax, 797DC958h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 846F5E2Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D7A268AAh
add     eax, 16C78822h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9E094EE8h
sub     eax, 0AAE4A9EFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3513E981h
sub     eax, 54E676F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BD6A4DDCh
add     eax, 27169DA9h
sub     eax, 0A86B1706h
add     eax, 1C2D4735h
xor     eax, 0DFBD69E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CD77E226h
xor     eax, 0ED2B54A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9E04B0A9h
add     eax, 7CBC474Fh
add     eax, 0FB366B4Bh
xor     eax, 3FA01663h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8469941Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0E6D890FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FEB48FC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 211E49ACh
add     eax, 1077B3E8h
xor     eax, 90FA7BF6h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 82AEC008h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 9D1BBDA4h
add     eax, 0E9C24C93h
sub     eax, 76A7647Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E2D5724h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0A5FF4A61h
sub     eax, 0B83846C8h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0B6237406h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8A379300h
xor     eax, 3AA7BA14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 45B68B92h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EFEB5BD3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FD88F7E5h
xor     eax, 0FF31CF4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2A0BFE14h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FBC38C71h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0B7911E1Ch
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 660780ABh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 69C35D90h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 9158E7DCh
xor     eax, 3A8A937Fh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0E1A1E966h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 51426DEAh
add     eax, 0E8F22A05h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CBD5C436h
sub     eax, 0C958DAB7h
xor     eax, 0DCFA2983h
add     eax, 8C4B4561h
add     eax, 17AE4CB8h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0D773D7E1h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7410F980h
add     eax, 88B4AF0Dh
sub     eax, 0DF1436B4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD9C31C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A3AE29E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0A5DCD6D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8F150698h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A8484E04h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0DE7E0ED2h
xor     eax, 2594646Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 93EB035Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EA4DEBDCh
xor     eax, 5535B0DEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 97EBECABh
xor     eax, 1CE49486h
xor     eax, 0A57307EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 45F465C9h
xor     eax, 51BD8BADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B2C37BBAh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E1D6DD49h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3EB82600h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E198B15Ch
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0DBF2A5F9h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 67A05D84h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BE6C5F9Fh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0C6651833h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 9B33052Fh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B410040Eh
xor     eax, 4E644AAEh
add     eax, 7E85A92Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ED116F32h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 3576BAAAh
add     eax, 0B08CCD08h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E1A3D266h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0F93144F9h
add     eax, 88ECBA63h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 7F9E239Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0D29A66ADh
xor     eax, 8AD5EDF1h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 77C36870h
sub     eax, 18BFFB47h
sub     eax, 0B65DF96Ch
sub     eax, 8FB52FF2h
xor     eax, 0ADEADAB8h
sub     eax, 5D956F3Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 43EC88E5h
add     eax, 21A08754h
xor     eax, 0C6630C57h
xor     eax, 7EF021EEh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DAF5065Ch
add     eax, 27D8FCD1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D8C6B630h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DE58AC3Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E4AA550Dh
sub     eax, 36A3D2E2h
add     eax, 0B02CC54Fh
add     eax, 8F3090D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 551FECABh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0D4A741CBh
sub     eax, 0FD8E6CA9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A542D1BAh
xor     eax, 2CCB226Fh
add     eax, 16E31FF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 66A11C2Ah
add     eax, 485F30ABh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ABEE2271h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2237829Bh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A2E16E60h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D5061DFAh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0D1D133E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 40C0AC79h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 3B1A68C2h
xor     eax, 0C5B27B91h
sub     eax, 0A4053B54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8F74AE7Fh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0C2DBC2B1h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0E683767Ch
add     eax, 3222890Bh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DF35AC66h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 4C7A049Bh
xor     eax, 8BD0744Eh
sub     eax, 595FD447h
sub     eax, 69F2DBB0h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 15918256h
sub     eax, 7F1D91C4h
add     eax, 49B3B373h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 366EC9BDh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2045E652h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 69993436h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 6CFB4B97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 37E1DA5Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 71E5BFFFh
sub     eax, 61F20676h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 39821900h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0ADFC149Fh
xor     eax, 2A126949h
add     eax, 6656C652h
add     eax, 1A98637Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2CBA9D11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0CD4EF912h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D861D0E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FDA25C8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2D6F8878h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 181DB02Ah
sub     eax, 33771D18h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 39D873C2h
sub     eax, 5B258624h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 19C6848Eh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AEAE995Dh
xor     eax, 2521CC54h
add     eax, 9BF8EF73h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 422D0929h
not     eax
xor     eax, 361D1835h
add     eax, 5276A740h
add     eax, 38EA4153h
add     eax, 0CA4E9D4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 727AF422h
add     eax, 77F7D644h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0C30AF183h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 35DCD326h
xor     eax, 2AB91EFCh
add     eax, 0DBC73013h
add     eax, 4EAE5FA0h
sub     eax, 0C7EBBBBEh
xor     eax, 0BAB0202Ch
sub     eax, 308D66C0h
add     eax, 9DF81CD2h
sub     eax, 721E9553h
add     eax, 0D8B4AEBFh
xor     eax, 8D346C4Ah
xor     eax, 6344E79Fh
add     eax, 359A5029h
xor     eax, 559C0D3Ah
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 16D93858h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 53D86E9Eh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0CBC34956h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0E9805B42h
sub     eax, 379909F2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 2EE33B0Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0A8B485AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 152021F6h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 25597D41h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0EDC0FFAEh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0E82621C0h
xor     eax, 8902B74Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 64CB1012h
sub     eax, 0DE981E16h
sub     eax, 0CBFD4E62h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0FD11B414h
add     eax, 0A04E0663h
add     eax, 0E5B32F5Fh
xor     eax, 9D5D1F50h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0DBDC347Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 7504B690h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0B1CE5195h
xor     eax, 0C85FE02Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F3813D38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 37A22673h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 558C5AEBh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 19B7669Ah
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0EEE6D029h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A2BA5BB4h
xor     eax, 969AD53Ah
add     eax, 4052823Ch
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0B3DCDB10h
xor     eax, 0AFC62AEEh
sub     eax, 2ADB217Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 6A0D3D0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 7383ECCFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 13BC565Bh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0A95CDBFBh
add     eax, 0BFA27AACh
xor     eax, 27A3AAB5h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 40D189E2h
add     eax, 0A8970EFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 84ADB6CBh
sub     eax, 6AB9A5A7h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 5095661Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0ADD0F286h
add     eax, 31A61F2Bh
add     eax, 0D6A1BB83h
sub     eax, 0DD70D794h
sub     eax, 0FF12B8E7h
add     eax, 0CD58830Bh
sub     eax, 7CF34777h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 3FEC1D2Ah
add     eax, 89A7A919h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EC3AB086h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 597D2D13h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0E2F19672h
add     eax, 9B6BE98Dh
add     eax, 0BC58137Dh
sub     eax, 1198AF2Dh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 61D519FFh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 6417AC91h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C565381Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BF37B74Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 93D24BD8h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 1697E43Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 85FC1253h
add     eax, 0D0DD0C60h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 510D0AB3h
xor     eax, 81D41795h
xor     eax, 0A43DB732h
add     eax, 0F746460Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AC08B0F4h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 15FBEA3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9B51909Bh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 1D9C2AF4h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 2DA6BA41h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 78C16208h
sub     eax, 0B6FC9E35h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 7A9F27B9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A711EA05h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 409B2171h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 6E7CF235h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CDE519EBh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 4FD80176h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 38E22072h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2BAA8497h
xor     eax, 8CD2CF75h
xor     eax, 13EA3692h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 40DD21ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F73D1EDDh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DB7316BFh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 1E3B205Eh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0CA549A74h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6ECC66BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8B61A256h
sub     eax, 3B6D4FD4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C2B6A4D0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1890BF26h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A735B46Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 649D0A01h
xor     eax, 0BD005689h
sub     eax, 0E8CA7477h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 9679D603h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FCDB0BA2h
xor     eax, 6EBF44FDh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 96E1B68Ch
xor     eax, 0AC9E9EA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 1BB5B174h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 66516E2Dh
sub     eax, 9EE5FF59h
not     eax
xor     eax, 945022ECh
sub     eax, 99B8E772h
xor     eax, 0D299476Ah
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 95CB4F0Dh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 59982860h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 1BF7BBEEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0FE8C4C75h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 5D5171E8h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0A56E85AFh
add     eax, 0F25993A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 51930285h
sub     eax, 0E0092DA1h
sub     eax, 85AA49B5h
add     eax, 19DE341Dh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 7EE2546Dh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 87ACF1F4h
add     eax, 8D9DDEFFh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0D4EB002Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7E72A574h
sub     eax, 93CC7382h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2424640Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0C9DD89AEh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6A1A3AA2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0B2F4CA13h
xor     eax, 4CDC1328h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D4953BDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B51F161h
add     eax, 0D6F9E601h
add     eax, 3CE4E328h
sub     eax, 399ACF26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 36F16AB9h
add     eax, 0F224E185h
sub     eax, 0C5E4C74Dh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 557DB794h
xor     eax, 7E2E4398h
sub     eax, 97B10D7Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0BFD59D9Ch
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 815C2635h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A1E556A9h
sub     eax, 8A00EB9Ch
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 8222E562h
xor     eax, 47E0F944h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B8835B4Ah
sub     eax, 9F5A5A44h
sub     eax, 8214F722h
add     eax, 7E4F0B0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC00C6ADh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 105F2965h
xor     eax, 0A90CBDABh
add     eax, 333F2F40h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DC2E4031h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0BDE772CFh
add     eax, 932962A5h
xor     eax, 912839F7h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0C777FFE2h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 49509CB8h
sub     eax, 6FD4A20Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7073F5B2h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 7F76E121h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 68412707h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 952D5072h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 415CC43Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C16B6605h
