not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0A9B7B56Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 99EE6218h
xor     eax, 0A2027860h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 8F326851h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 32A22FF8h
xor     eax, 1BC42CADh
xor     eax, 8CA19AEDh
add     eax, 20B97C0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EC1D52E5h
add     eax, 0D8FB9D66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 52E6D9DFh
sub     eax, 0B34C8C16h
add     eax, 2BA3F2B7h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0C0EDEC60h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0DDE29B41h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 71BC3590h
sub     eax, 1E044E18h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 4938703Fh
xor     eax, 74CE2D52h
add     eax, 1A5EBD4Ch
add     eax, 0AAD9846Ah
sub     eax, 0A235A24Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 64318866h
xor     eax, 8E492AC6h
xor     eax, 1CEDDA48h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 506ED41Bh
sub     eax, 9C49291Eh
sub     eax, 98C703B7h
xor     eax, 44E935F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 2E597378h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5E4C05C4h
xor     eax, 1FA63543h
add     eax, 14832E7Eh
add     eax, 0DAE3E2ADh
sub     eax, 96C3BF0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 9EB1085Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0AABB2A3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 67ECACCFh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0AF6D7B12h
xor     eax, 89842722h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 37DA83BAh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0CB46DD47h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4856574Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1F448AEAh
add     eax, 182D30B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B5959B55h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 4AAB5074h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0B7483D7Ch
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 66350FE3h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 1B7A849Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F450219Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1FF688C5h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 20977498h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F551B3EFh
add     eax, 7AB42240h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 78195DF7h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FF4A5E55h
xor     eax, 17E430E5h
xor     eax, 3C962854h
add     eax, 0AEA4BCB6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 33369366h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2778FC7Ch
sub     eax, 6985624Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4FDEE731h
xor     eax, 497C56B9h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 93728BBEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5BAD748Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7A4BA064h
sub     eax, 0AC137DE1h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 914DFFD8h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0B36DF9A4h
add     eax, 3107E7BDh
sub     eax, 747E1C1Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 4992D0D2h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 68487B55h
sub     eax, 374C8772h
xor     eax, 0A7C6085Eh
add     eax, 25E4024Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 87D43F42h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DE6D4D84h
sub     eax, 0D7F780FDh
add     eax, 0FC409F92h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 3A23ECE3h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B5A2208Ch
sub     eax, 1E30BEA0h
xor     eax, 0FE9F9D73h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0E256ED0Ah
sub     eax, 0FE5536DBh
sub     eax, 0DE81383Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 558E76EFh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 6F88A3E3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 17BA31F2h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3EC1B844h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 858E2DDFh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0AC4099B3h
not     eax
add     eax, 5DE8996Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 72C0E2A3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 2AC70A58h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0FBF2A5C9h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 52E51FBEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 5A459080h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0A186C642h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5600E08Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1D87CCB7h
add     eax, 39E5F0D8h
add     eax, 0AA0B539Bh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F7F029C8h
sub     eax, 5315785Ah
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C4B62E4Bh
add     eax, 14A6B2C3h
xor     eax, 33DBBB86h
sub     eax, 58B11606h
sub     eax, 4E5BCD19h
sub     eax, 34856503h
not     eax
xor     eax, 58FE27F3h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0EC674D41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A3EAA2DCh
not     eax
add     eax, 0EDF6617Fh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0B5D817B4h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0B539699Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 84BCBB70h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 4E426B40h
not     eax
xor     eax, 94CC565Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DBB07C28h
add     eax, 3D869014h
xor     eax, 0F35EABF4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0D68B5C92h
not     eax
add     eax, 6F87C3B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7C726ED5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0FB15C28Ch
add     eax, 24AB655Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 73CE3CD3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2BB515C8h
add     eax, 2C93560Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 5C8B3AE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 774E5490h
add     eax, 8998A0A6h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 15F02F67h
not     eax
add     eax, 6DA5CE6Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 34C843C1h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0FD837505h
xor     eax, 20F4D747h
sub     eax, 841590E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 83702321h
add     eax, 49361B46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0A8E7FC62h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0F24C7ED6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BA51447Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6736873Ch
add     eax, 60D80C11h
xor     eax, 93E43962h
xor     eax, 83E91FD2h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9C044712h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B4689579h
sub     eax, 905E6DA3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F0CED5CAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B0118BD8h
xor     eax, 0CEE60FC1h
xor     eax, 0D0EDAC01h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 2F4C7F7Bh
sub     eax, 602E35A9h
xor     eax, 76E02100h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D2FA47C1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3B4F6F71h
add     eax, 417F8811h
add     eax, 1861E219h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 59D1DB75h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6277915Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0D9C6225Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A477E9CEh
add     eax, 5905CBCFh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 36FA28A6h
add     eax, 0CA2B9F9Ah
xor     eax, 7DB1B6DEh
sub     eax, 102EF121h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E0A44B1Eh
sub     eax, 8D88B2C1h
add     eax, 38C91C13h
add     eax, 9CB28FB5h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 1E6735D0h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 55FE6C97h
sub     eax, 0F49D508Ch
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1C22EABFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 121D33FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CCCA530Bh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0A3B9A636h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 91E77893h
add     eax, 77C8645Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FAF2E69Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 6953C016h
xor     eax, 6E65E20Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4646D02Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0A5BB9ABBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E6EF28F1h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0AF5B60E9h
xor     eax, 374CD7A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CA61DCA4h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 4829EED3h
sub     eax, 4B3CBA40h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 355ADBB4h
add     eax, 44E49D59h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 1354FB72h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9A6FA1F5h
sub     eax, 88FF1F61h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0F90325E7h
sub     eax, 8D715485h
add     eax, 10ECFF34h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 365A3270h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0B2CEFD1Ch
xor     eax, 19B24DCEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4ADCEC0Eh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 30D40969h
xor     eax, 741F85F8h
xor     eax, 0AF88C7E9h
xor     eax, 0D8C54103h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 984200F1h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0B3BBF1A5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 29546278h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F5D41FEBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9686875Bh
add     eax, 655C0679h
xor     eax, 6C4FEAB9h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9276BA0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 6E3576DAh
add     eax, 36B4A572h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 1AE59F0Fh
sub     eax, 36C17064h
xor     eax, 0C24B112Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C1DC1CA3h
not     eax
add     eax, 5F4718E1h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 82288A15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6D698F1Ch
xor     eax, 0DEE53702h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3AD60C86h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A632F604h
add     eax, 925913D1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0FC3525F6h
xor     eax, 0C406B35Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D0D2E39Fh
xor     eax, 2317FA44h
xor     eax, 5F540C1Ch
sub     eax, 0E3683C4Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 800E7438h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D670A7E8h
xor     eax, 0D8E24B28h
sub     eax, 0C758596Bh
add     eax, 832EBA13h
add     eax, 7E11E311h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 532ACDFDh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0A5E0BCEEh
sub     eax, 0A550DD9Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0F212261Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 2CF8E9AEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5F97E7CAh
add     eax, 9789BF6Ah
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 47563D7Bh
sub     eax, 910DF180h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 4BA35756h
add     eax, 0D9F5A14Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 146E18D0h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 0BFC3178Ah
sub     eax, 23C5B67Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 265F674Dh
sub     eax, 44739BB1h
sub     eax, 0E65235B1h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 8E53D238h
xor     eax, 0C0B4E1BFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 8767B2C0h
add     eax, 0D94F86BDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AAF08803h
xor     eax, 251B5DD9h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B4BF6951h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 7859D108h
sub     eax, 4E3F3032h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D7A8DC0Dh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 6EF38C47h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0DC7762BFh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 8BDC064Fh
sub     eax, 539A749Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 99F06BC3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 5D76D69Eh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0E1B218B2h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 8A4098E5h
xor     eax, 0D1E1DC62h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BFA30B98h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D97F7D8Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5699A4E3h
xor     eax, 6BA75B3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5E6A1F8Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 76C6B9AEh
add     eax, 923D1519h
xor     eax, 238B2829h
xor     eax, 0CB66BF50h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0CE26262Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 422B549Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0B53B9B44h
xor     eax, 803F79A4h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0F2ED3FFAh
not     eax
add     eax, 64D341DFh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 3F2CC13Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CF73786Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6245CE3Dh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0BFB13A98h
sub     eax, 8204D784h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 9A7260A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6DBFEF7Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 719001E6h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 59391D25h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C0841A1h
add     eax, 17634511h
sub     eax, 0E3E6CC2Bh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 6A35ECCFh
sub     eax, 199C9BC4h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0D69B74ECh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 6B3010B5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1424611Ah
sub     eax, 0A46007B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 58A19B53h
sub     eax, 682CFB0Ah
xor     eax, 4B0256BDh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A34E1D3Ch
add     eax, 57DD380Eh
sub     eax, 0A4F888ADh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 31A1CC19h
xor     eax, 0F55A6F94h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 4637B33Fh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B952B73Ah
xor     eax, 1A685D9Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 8874220Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A5610F0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0A343DE9Ah
add     eax, 71D06351h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 92FB4B7Fh
add     eax, 9AC93204h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 3164B714h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0E8DABA17h
add     eax, 2E262960h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 7BC3D20Eh
add     eax, 8B4D7ECBh
sub     eax, 345FC44Fh
xor     eax, 29085AD7h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4B5C264Fh
sub     eax, 0B1500ED1h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 2CA8F5B2h
xor     eax, 4471D901h
add     eax, 3ADCF65Ah
sub     eax, 0CCF3BB28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 574C857Ah
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0BCEC7B88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0B24E41A1h
xor     eax, 98451C5Ch
sub     eax, 5961836Bh
xor     eax, 0D9A38FC2h
xor     eax, 0C30207A8h
add     eax, 9424A984h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C88D0A02h
xor     eax, 959B9BA4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E6228916h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0F1975436h
xor     eax, 25B865B6h
sub     eax, 5735F44Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 9E751ABEh
not     eax
add     eax, 3316C22Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F0AB26ECh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 14A4795Bh
sub     eax, 21342B8Ah
sub     eax, 0CE7C66AEh
add     eax, 0E7E1B439h
sub     eax, 2FE6B4F2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 14628B74h
xor     eax, 4ABB5A8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BA2835ABh
xor     eax, 6F9DCB6Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 1129ACEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2B66E411h
sub     eax, 0B16ED33Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 5286BEE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2DBEB11Ah
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0D6422425h
xor     eax, 9ADD4BDAh
sub     eax, 94B699A0h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 43360E56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 31EAFCE0h
sub     eax, 0C3E03AEAh
xor     eax, 0E5D02059h
sub     eax, 930B274Bh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 83298C31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6E80CEE7h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0C49B228Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 222684A0h
not     eax
add     eax, 23E93E57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1A1DFD85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E6AF72EAh
add     eax, 3655E467h
add     eax, 0C5568E6Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 1B4E4080h
not     eax
add     eax, 18734340h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0A21C10ADh
sub     eax, 87E9F4F7h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0ADA5A5B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B586177Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5F9D5289h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CEFD79F4h
add     eax, 0E3FC4EE3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 1B262296h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 12846A14h
not     eax
add     eax, 311513A4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 209127CBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8D8828BFh
sub     eax, 0A07EC878h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E36C5ACAh
xor     eax, 0A5C26CA7h
add     eax, 69F41B48h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 6B91AAB5h
sub     eax, 61190686h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AF605140h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3E598EAFh
add     eax, 1BA89977h
xor     eax, 0A88E7A35h
add     eax, 756EA95Eh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 652ACF6Dh
xor     eax, 0AE659AF0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0BA76FE7Dh
xor     eax, 7C87E435h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 81D25107h
xor     eax, 0A2433A2Ch
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 374F9389h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F2BAE575h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 40073947h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 9B8DD917h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 43E495B2h
add     eax, 0A86B2C64h
sub     eax, 0EEE048E4h
sub     eax, 70AE2058h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B50F8016h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 288E6BA5h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 4A17BD97h
xor     eax, 33EE5854h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0F17549F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7BA64F26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A0562D76h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0C97E4530h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E784FB37h
xor     eax, 98C33091h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FFDB6787h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0BDDD536Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 8E028F24h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 3D5600D6h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 25EE8268h
add     eax, 2980B8E6h
xor     eax, 11281F6Bh
sub     eax, 0A3FC4DCCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3E3705D3h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0E67F3599h
sub     eax, 15AFB0B6h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0E75C0490h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0B7EC8311h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 838EC38Dh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0DE343BBCh
sub     eax, 63C53A39h
sub     eax, 826F1E7Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0D85A07ECh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 5A11A9F7h
xor     eax, 2F5641ECh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 75084724h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C3E2B6C9h
xor     eax, 4AF33FA2h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C5800F7Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 55C83A75h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0A14DFC42h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3A0D2F6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 331A3153h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 18F7AEA2h
sub     eax, 0FC282B37h
add     eax, 0DB2D1558h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0DA73D123h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 85641216h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F3497974h
xor     eax, 0D27D7ED6h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0D88D2F6Bh
sub     eax, 0BF1AF375h
xor     eax, 0D47BAFE3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 6EEA4214h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F47B0886h
add     eax, 28865343h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BAD85399h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0ACD74787h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F172F99Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0EE065FA7h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E6BB69C2h
xor     eax, 0E3288CB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 1C5C5E22h
add     eax, 9685FDBAh
xor     eax, 0C1313462h
xor     eax, 4C613258h
add     eax, 247220F5h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C0F842B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F7848101h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 6E91B3CCh
sub     eax, 0DEB340BBh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 5761245Eh
add     eax, 394A4C80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D019B632h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 18318DF9h
not     eax
add     eax, 6C45000Bh
add     eax, 8A7FE8E1h
add     eax, 16C55D32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C9145F11h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F53E94BCh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 95832977h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 95CEC56Ch
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 808C7293h
xor     eax, 36F2DAE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E9848A9Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 67B7233Eh
sub     eax, 0DFB4F03Ch
sub     eax, 0B8303E9Fh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 35E99954h
add     eax, 5098BA99h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0BDB57960h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 7AD0BFF7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 8340B8C6h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 7016CC6Fh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E85B3785h
sub     eax, 338F562Fh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C9AA4031h
xor     eax, 1294C18Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0D8623DADh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 5D634A1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 44B4A9F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5F1803F9h
xor     eax, 771DC86Bh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0C2AB70D1h
add     eax, 0F0FF9C82h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4623A8F9h
sub     eax, 2D90AB19h
add     eax, 3343DC2Ah
xor     eax, 72C25289h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A5DEEF59h
sub     eax, 0FBB3308Bh
xor     eax, 7EC940AFh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F5D0D540h
sub     eax, 37B8A2E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F8E20A32h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 8EE5730Fh
sub     eax, 0B0AC7385h
add     eax, 0E0FDD7F1h
xor     eax, 0BB420316h
add     eax, 6C2CD94Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 6A7BF005h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 43C723D9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1C443F33h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0B5A68538h
not     eax
add     eax, 8BED2DC5h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0AB24C1CCh
sub     eax, 46F7DF9Bh
sub     eax, 34CD0B7Ch
add     eax, 0B556E980h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 4EF9B442h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D5D9C2C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 3CAE3929h
sub     eax, 557E1240h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 176244DAh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EC4E211Eh
add     eax, 0AB5C76D8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4033C235h
xor     eax, 260CA072h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 1BF96967h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0AEAF1FADh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 4F37706Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 89AE01EDh
xor     eax, 741245D0h
sub     eax, 0B98387D7h
xor     eax, 0C003546Bh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 28CEB411h
add     eax, 635C274Dh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DF6E562Dh
sub     eax, 0C7392A86h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 37234895h
not     eax
add     eax, 367C041Eh
sub     eax, 81491F4Eh
sub     eax, 815D7B87h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0FFE84933h
sub     eax, 6509579Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 728C6289h
xor     eax, 6BD57546h
xor     eax, 688A819Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9D98C482h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 5BB28A3Ch
xor     eax, 913472B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E0F19984h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 84616534h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D8A5660Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0A0A0F07Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2875AA67h
not     eax
add     eax, 25CA5246h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 5811F614h
xor     eax, 7C80E412h
add     eax, 31EB15FDh
add     eax, 0D69BA1B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CB028D12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A38B8B78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EC1318B4h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FACAE4B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EAEB8A4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 98F73A43h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BFD9C859h
add     eax, 0E6675D24h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A9C7B4A7h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 443AAB38h
add     eax, 4531477Bh
sub     eax, 0A4349C94h
add     eax, 19197591h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8B7395B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DADD5FA0h
sub     eax, 0BC7717B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 8EA4177Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 9EEE090Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 9DF7D498h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0CB3F7A65h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 782F61C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 261E127Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 765DB4F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0F3E9721Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 11A866BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0FEE2534Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 39AC9FBCh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 2C73ECDAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1B412FB6h
xor     eax, 0ADC6C1C7h
sub     eax, 29CBDBC2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 13CC8D51h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C7A98C75h
sub     eax, 0DA2C43E4h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0FABBFC93h
sub     eax, 1B15583Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A5DF9B86h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 6583C068h
xor     eax, 9FFCD2E3h
sub     eax, 0C5697CE7h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9162727Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0C84FAEDFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 70D04F0Dh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 2C372BA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0DE963FF2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0D580F2AEh
sub     eax, 0E6BAA3F2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8A972169h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0A920BBB5h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0D882D70Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 5A742710h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0D32E4E6Fh
sub     eax, 9A00DE73h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 94AE950Ah
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0D04169B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 6D78BD53h
xor     eax, 2CDA0B24h
add     eax, 9FF562D5h
xor     eax, 900C75DFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0D8A30EEDh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0E6B2F75Dh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B47F09F2h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C18DDF52h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B5C4223Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CED37EA0h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0A5B4EE2Ch
add     eax, 79751785h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 86DF377Eh
xor     eax, 6DA93001h
xor     eax, 2120B17Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 9EAED04Ch
xor     eax, 4D99F327h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 936956CAh
sub     eax, 5B1EED1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0D1DCF42Fh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0C90B1841h
sub     eax, 0F690BA56h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 6403B928h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 9FEDCD6Ch
xor     eax, 0A29641B0h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 37D8FB83h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CA843C04h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0F46EF821h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 8A1FF9F0h
add     eax, 2E267D7Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 6034905Ah
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 65AACB1Eh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 12827BC3h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0B3DE9F6Fh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 7DFB2CFCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 518CE7FDh
sub     eax, 0D7087E00h
add     eax, 8D91399Ah
xor     eax, 522E7BF2h
xor     eax, 7DBC078Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 763A156Fh
xor     eax, 1618D219h
add     eax, 0E341481Dh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0E8A6DB48h
xor     eax, 0B5C8B1DDh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0B2B8B7BFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 56C1F311h
xor     eax, 12C64929h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AA10DE6Fh
add     eax, 25B8F8AEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 3B29B5E0h
add     eax, 62C059D3h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 70903E86h
sub     eax, 0CBD1ED24h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BCF95FA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B8A8ABF8h
sub     eax, 659A9855h
sub     eax, 0B8C88EA2h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0FD33FD11h
sub     eax, 921B1A04h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0FF3E4B5Bh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 9EC168C4h
sub     eax, 9FB47EACh
sub     eax, 68FCCFF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 18D6BBB7h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B21CB6C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1C33338Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 76FD52DEh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 6A78D650h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 73842931h
xor     eax, 7563BFBFh
xor     eax, 876B531Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6D27096Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 540D7DBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9D56D855h
sub     eax, 0EB08F763h
add     eax, 0D98ADF6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 2B90BB71h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0EBBC7902h
xor     eax, 71422622h
add     eax, 0A3B0BEBCh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 5E993670h
not     eax
xor     eax, 77F1531Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0A21E973Bh
xor     eax, 23889FBFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 49800D46h
xor     eax, 8D0F6ECDh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FF8110BDh
sub     eax, 0CEC953F8h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0D3F2F2F9h
sub     eax, 135887EEh
sub     eax, 885E410Eh
sub     eax, 0EC2387C4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D8B26FC0h
sub     eax, 706761E0h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 702BF627h
xor     eax, 99107E4Bh
xor     eax, 4C6FBF96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D7BAD0A4h
add     eax, 1F8B10ADh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0EE2DD5C7h
sub     eax, 9A1E69F6h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 89DAA2FEh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1A385594h
add     eax, 4A410B64h
add     eax, 5F9D379Dh
xor     eax, 0E520126Bh
add     eax, 11AFD773h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 9BE62463h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 37CFE035h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8EFC046Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 5C7E7A17h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 5078DB2Fh
add     eax, 0D3739F72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 65F61122h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 39386B0Eh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0F23ABBC8h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0E4147B1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3203F108h
add     eax, 0AB933EDEh
sub     eax, 539FB80Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7B80CC17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 95B1078Fh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 99660DB0h
sub     eax, 76188DDDh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AE68998Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 54C63B57h
add     eax, 8BA742EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9787A521h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 6CBAA1B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CAFAA057h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CD1C97B5h
add     eax, 0AD880469h
xor     eax, 4FC1BFA1h
xor     eax, 0A2BFF9CEh
xor     eax, 9FE16BCEh
add     eax, 0C09A2969h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 8D3BB017h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7C32EAB9h
xor     eax, 0B4472603h
xor     eax, 2E3C2A32h
not     eax
xor     eax, 11098CF7h
add     eax, 0B0970F88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C8ABFCABh
xor     eax, 96FB40D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A93CC4F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 255D2639h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5E638893h
sub     eax, 0C9B77F3Dh
sub     eax, 0D52D7753h
xor     eax, 0E2858372h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EF5D52F1h
sub     eax, 0C08ECF11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 10788D26h
xor     eax, 0E1FFDB9Fh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0F6F4441Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 98A73F26h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 5E158926h
xor     eax, 0E0CB2781h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 2F071D77h
add     eax, 7F7B2CEBh
add     eax, 20721992h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C5578FADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F4BC9A65h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 9E347D4Bh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 8D7C280Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0DC37EEF0h
xor     eax, 33679F2Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C111B6EAh
add     eax, 0B7D5B08Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 96AE8D39h
not     eax
xor     eax, 24E9DA72h
sub     eax, 0EAD5F54Dh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0F347B6EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 48BD8727h
xor     eax, 51B6AFACh
add     eax, 75321DB2h
sub     eax, 0B59E4584h
xor     eax, 4275C203h
sub     eax, 49F71367h
xor     eax, 0DE7D1AFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0BC8CBA1Ah
sub     eax, 3C45762Dh
add     eax, 543C95CDh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0DAB1001Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 26082D0Ah
sub     eax, 815C3447h
sub     eax, 46DC99BAh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 470B9658h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 135E408Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 6F2C3EF9h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0DFB62745h
add     eax, 0DD3D6E45h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 784127FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 5AA588BEh
xor     eax, 1A795136h
sub     eax, 8031F636h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0C34BCD02h
sub     eax, 4A0BE7FDh
xor     eax, 0A4B645AFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 3098FCB3h
xor     eax, 6A645AB4h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DBEECB8Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 96A1A809h
not     eax
add     eax, 71E8DBA6h
xor     eax, 354E937Ch
add     eax, 961FC05Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BC03B1D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7619CA0Ch
sub     eax, 2D618910h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0AC9D2FF6h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 74500364h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 8E3AC784h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 9AB55F85h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D686EB66h
add     eax, 157668DDh
xor     eax, 0F80A2B53h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0E49C2BE0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B9CFB826h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 74837D3Fh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 70F2865Ah
add     eax, 6D2DAC86h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 73DA5A5Ch
xor     eax, 0FE3B965Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 1531ADD2h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 1B82A06Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0B614BE2Eh
add     eax, 8FBDD860h
xor     eax, 0DD8ECDE2h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 5B477304h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 6B9D3697h
add     eax, 52E8CC77h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 62B2793Fh
xor     eax, 0ABBED163h
not     eax
add     eax, 640BD44Eh
xor     eax, 0DF3C6155h
add     eax, 8156D5F2h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 3A2A7AE7h
sub     eax, 7D23D0BFh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 1E69787Bh
xor     eax, 117F273Fh
sub     eax, 31FBCD34h
xor     eax, 973BA90Fh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0E3323B33h
sub     eax, 8EB0C6ADh
add     eax, 8D729F8Eh
add     eax, 0CE1145BBh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 2BD3C5ADh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 637F07D7h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0A5A4BF28h
not     eax
sub     eax, 65261E19h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 9C225FB6h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0A8F0E5CCh
not     eax
add     eax, 3F661935h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 1B0E88E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C10EEB5Fh
xor     eax, 88E2CC6Eh
add     eax, 85650D32h
xor     eax, 0EC906835h
xor     eax, 8052F983h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 87C99F90h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 9C5F53EFh
add     eax, 327F2AFFh
add     eax, 0ED9D1480h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F5953E81h
xor     eax, 8544A209h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9E31E176h
sub     eax, 8DA1A23Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A5A5B656h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0D6A7ED2Fh
add     eax, 0D20C44E3h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 6A680E00h
xor     eax, 906C40B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 724711A0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1B3DB910h
sub     eax, 4F98C350h
not     eax
add     eax, 1957FA79h
add     eax, 0E0AADADAh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0C0501B3Eh
sub     eax, 54C8F94Ah
sub     eax, 0DD5F69CFh
add     eax, 0FEC790EAh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 6E501933h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F2EDE180h
sub     eax, 30F25392h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C41BA978h
add     eax, 0EF3817BBh
xor     eax, 5490ACC4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 885718BDh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0F44A5AAEh
xor     eax, 383A38D3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 775DF645h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E91126A6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BE7A7F00h
add     eax, 0D00F4A0Fh
xor     eax, 0DBD052BEh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 6E42CBDCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8B4D7E61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 9417C520h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E57998D9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 2F69BC3Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0C877E61Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 7D7822F7h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0AA5EEA24h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 64250061h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0F858A426h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0EF262D68h
add     eax, 5B476E0Ah
add     eax, 0CB3D7BEAh
xor     eax, 0E9A4A6A0h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0B5025D0Ah
xor     eax, 143F39A7h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0DFF22E21h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 3657305Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A3DFA0BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2C755F4Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 2D19B6CBh
sub     eax, 708673C2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 671031E5h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0A13932AEh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1DCCCE08h
xor     eax, 7F204D68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0A00DEE7Fh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B74C8995h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AA867E57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3293D9E2h
add     eax, 6FA7833Ah
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 1926DD8Ah
xor     eax, 36B30B24h
xor     eax, 94D46ED3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B25F13E2h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 462B0EBCh
xor     eax, 0C8F0EBD7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0FEB29B97h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 51E3EAC6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0EB9321A5h
add     eax, 0A7356556h
add     eax, 0E29623C5h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 48822996h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 48AB597Bh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 7D065D1Eh
sub     eax, 3B9F7DF6h
xor     eax, 9E0C9A00h
xor     eax, 0BA5807FEh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 888964EEh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0A51B41B3h
sub     eax, 8014B22Fh
xor     eax, 94717BAFh
add     eax, 480CF77Ah
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0BA89CE21h
add     eax, 0D2C978FFh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 7AD0D6AFh
add     eax, 26E5F05Eh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 6B1FDCF2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 57A1AA03h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 6A04C8E6h
sub     eax, 561F2039h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 72204215h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 78F0FEC4h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 5FBD477Ah
xor     eax, 0C24871F0h
xor     eax, 1E72E206h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0AFC06407h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 4746FEC7h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0AFD239A7h
sub     eax, 59E36272h
sub     eax, 1759EB77h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 83762EBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 89F1106Ah
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DFABC04Ch
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 2ED8E77Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 65D93F4Dh
add     eax, 39ACB14Bh
sub     eax, 99B5EA38h
add     eax, 0D1104D65h
sub     eax, 0EAED93EAh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 6878B9C3h
xor     eax, 0CE2658C3h
add     eax, 296DB5EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0F1BDB042h
xor     eax, 62B393B4h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9B989DD6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 61171E5Fh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0BD8FB259h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0BC4280E1h
add     eax, 6BE90480h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 1E07854Fh
xor     eax, 557FA575h
xor     eax, 93973690h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 2D1A1DEDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0DCA860B9h
add     eax, 0CF76C457h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 6F7B4B66h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 63683530h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 534560D8h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5A929B5Fh
sub     eax, 7B5444BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A598C796h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0A174AE79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 803813DFh
add     eax, 0BB133CBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0A53D1F71h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0FDCA60AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5322CCEDh
xor     eax, 41BC0255h
add     eax, 5C01DD65h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0B671623Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D0CFAE04h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 81766881h
sub     eax, 0A61D1302h
add     eax, 0DA545630h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 5A03AB29h
not     eax
sub     eax, 58168799h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 354DDEDCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 8DED7B49h
xor     eax, 1F34E13Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 66254825h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7094CDABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9BB67944h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1CA355C0h
sub     eax, 0A92113DBh
add     eax, 6D94AF9Ah
sub     eax, 0EB989F4Dh
xor     eax, 1BA4E241h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 1B9A93F5h
add     eax, 0A0DDC3E7h
xor     eax, 617A9A67h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 9FB61B97h
xor     eax, 3C8ECC55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DD990015h
xor     eax, 1F8C0478h
xor     eax, 1D793B91h
add     eax, 0C059ED44h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 72363A0Eh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0A3998F6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A3B11656h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 3C1C0823h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 961DD435h
add     eax, 6230A621h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0A6CF983Ah
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7E97F64Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 93F2921Bh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 8DDB0EBEh
add     eax, 0E9F5591Fh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 201993EDh
add     eax, 57FBF478h
sub     eax, 2C0E9AF4h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0CD8033DFh
add     eax, 6B1807E0h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 78BF9261h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C1868BCFh
sub     eax, 0F9EAA358h
sub     eax, 0AD6AC65Eh
xor     eax, 90847F76h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 150DD5C4h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0B21652C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 295B784Bh
xor     eax, 66C913C7h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C6AD7B94h
add     eax, 3A2C3C41h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 733F3F0Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 70E85D97h
sub     eax, 0B0A83A9Eh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 17E354B7h
not     eax
add     eax, 8B44E366h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F98DE978h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 4198CA9Ch
sub     eax, 0F69662F0h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6939A8BFh
xor     eax, 0E728C338h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AA5C8610h
sub     eax, 555937A5h
xor     eax, 9494880Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1EC34635h
add     eax, 856DF809h
sub     eax, 27905F70h
not     eax
add     eax, 93317DE4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ACECB46Fh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 5A54F11Eh
add     eax, 1D60B2C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 25767E25h
xor     eax, 479DAF59h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 74AEA1D6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 397B0483h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 2BBBBDC8h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 3446CD8Dh
xor     eax, 0C4FD4635h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2ADB87BDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 2493F97Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B64B7CFDh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 56C5737Eh
sub     eax, 4D47BFECh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F37F45B4h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5DB70B3Bh
xor     eax, 0A774B073h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DD9AA072h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5029E20Dh
add     eax, 0F31B9C7Ah
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CC0DC888h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A5078F15h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 65585FC0h
not     eax
add     eax, 5CBBB0F5h
xor     eax, 0E36E74ABh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 1D1C77CAh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 79FBA6B2h
sub     eax, 0E959BA94h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0E5120320h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 292F2E54h
add     eax, 0A5EF29B4h
add     eax, 6944A679h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4B20F68Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 66193476h
xor     eax, 2EDC2A68h
sub     eax, 38D1857Ah
sub     eax, 754CFAD7h
sub     eax, 32AD34CBh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0E70FC72Bh
add     eax, 4043F7B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B413518Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0C94BC739h
sub     eax, 2ED99978h
xor     eax, 9D54CF22h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 41120B27h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0A9F5EAA8h
xor     eax, 861E0F9Fh
sub     eax, 27F365E4h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 8A3FF702h
sub     eax, 90F61010h
xor     eax, 341634C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 58857F99h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0EC407311h
add     eax, 50AA9B25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8004E68Eh
xor     eax, 0A6F84D80h
sub     eax, 89FAB06Dh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 829EBC02h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 84783DC9h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0A0737E70h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 63828C1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6C205377h
xor     eax, 0C88A25DBh
sub     eax, 0E480DA18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 94834D7Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0C9754174h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0CFF81168h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CEF3F8D8h
add     eax, 720BA71Ch
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C0890505h
add     eax, 0B9CDC4ACh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0C88B069Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AFBEC1AAh
add     eax, 0C74A4F15h
xor     eax, 0C131FBFDh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2DCD35A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8DA1A217h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 15F7AFC1h
sub     eax, 186A7E3Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C899AE3Ah
add     eax, 0A14BCDCFh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2EB25423h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BEEEA2D7h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 8792A72Eh
sub     eax, 1A85CDA9h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0C1D967E6h
sub     eax, 1EE4481Ch
sub     eax, 8DEF6505h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 8CE228FFh
xor     eax, 582A9101h
xor     eax, 0F39D14CAh
add     eax, 508693DAh
sub     eax, 4910CD2Bh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 41F0E3B8h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 516D823Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0F613E164h
xor     eax, 83BF1126h
sub     eax, 0B929F0D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 298BBF05h
sub     eax, 7704B17Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7C474D66h
xor     eax, 0FF371841h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0B31F8A08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 83EBCB3Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0B4CD7EC9h
add     eax, 1A27EC18h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 4922920Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 4A313D59h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 91012015h
not     eax
add     eax, 931054A4h
xor     eax, 0F609FEA2h
xor     eax, 10812FC1h
xor     eax, 4D8A275Eh
add     eax, 0C0C09F9Bh
xor     eax, 0F8BA2C14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 91BF8A96h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 18F84C1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 12044FACh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 9025A4B8h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0EDFF34F4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0A6620C0Eh
sub     eax, 7811F8A6h
add     eax, 214C7446h
add     eax, 3EE0C387h
sub     eax, 4F898AF3h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A562A64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 70FE39B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2675D0AEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 6E25DD34h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 974F3DD4h
sub     eax, 0D125DD9Ah
sub     eax, 1F070533h
xor     eax, 7D66FADAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3DFB611Dh
sub     eax, 88012AC8h
xor     eax, 0FC1B5C94h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F3BB9BDEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 429154A4h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0CDB15AC3h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 47E7F21Ch
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 3B1617A7h
sub     eax, 0C0D2BC1Ah
xor     eax, 656E33B7h
xor     eax, 7380C103h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0FA9A2CCBh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 8DEB7835h
add     eax, 12DB231Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 379E47B6h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0AD6C1693h
xor     eax, 40938A69h
sub     eax, 66333C14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 185A99FFh
sub     eax, 0FE725760h
add     eax, 0A0B50CE2h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 3D281CDCh
add     eax, 0A27FD120h
add     eax, 0D7F79F78h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2A52991Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D72ECFB6h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0E65BFEBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FD27AAD6h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0A5BA1919h
xor     eax, 41EE1541h
sub     eax, 57D0DE45h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7610BA35h
xor     eax, 4BF275F9h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0BC478E29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D56F7E6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AE3808E9h
xor     eax, 8908DFDEh
add     eax, 6748F643h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 914AC0CBh
add     eax, 7BE6300Eh
xor     eax, 0BA99369Bh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0E60FE4F8h
not     eax
add     eax, 0ECBBCCF5h
xor     eax, 4E0E96CFh
add     eax, 7F1A72CDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 7D65A9DDh
not     eax
add     eax, 29AEF3EAh
sub     eax, 371D1F29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A344C68Ah
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0EC9472EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 1033FC0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 7096D40Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B4D0851Dh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 953C742Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 6EDAF07Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 413B7C3Eh
add     eax, 0DD7AA5ECh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 4655A27Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0FFA75ADCh
xor     eax, 517B4821h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 69A3B266h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 8953867Eh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0E17A0113h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A30694FEh
sub     eax, 4B95B223h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0FA100281h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 8C96E1FCh
xor     eax, 6FC5B4D5h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 89ACE602h
sub     eax, 0D8036C99h
add     eax, 0C6B38309h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DF332299h
add     eax, 0B9F8360Ah
add     eax, 3E7422A7h
sub     eax, 0E63AB37Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 8F12AE7Dh
xor     eax, 0A74FFE91h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 29DE8DF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 901A9DF7h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 5E666EDEh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9606607Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 443460BAh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 90D5B888h
xor     eax, 0F0FB30E9h
sub     eax, 6BF7F9D3h
add     eax, 0E50739EBh
sub     eax, 0F747ECB3h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0D74A294Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4D22B64Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 4D09C25Dh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 59407BFBh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 31FD3F06h
add     eax, 0F8F479E5h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0BC7A6F7Ch
xor     eax, 78205930h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0B510F5D3h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 2B6E4B31h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F9720453h
xor     eax, 69075CDFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F2034CA0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 66EC1200h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0B0491F72h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0CEBF14C8h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0A0F8092Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 34F46E2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0A6F16F7Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 94170616h
add     eax, 0AC3CF0C6h
add     eax, 67ED8658h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A449EE29h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 7B3A69F3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 95E05894h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C2FFDEA4h
xor     eax, 6B777991h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 395B393Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 4CC642C4h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 626ABA46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A0574DBDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0B43DDB8Ah
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 82AFF8EFh
add     eax, 0AF85B3DDh
sub     eax, 0BDF2C5DFh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0CA0A8CB9h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 70514781h
add     eax, 0C6354241h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0B9E5C494h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 84831C13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C0C22AD5h
sub     eax, 0EF1158F7h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 8C038A65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3BD871F4h
add     eax, 14C1027Eh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E83BBCFDh
sub     eax, 6100FEFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 3E593845h
add     eax, 0BAE5C9E4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FA033505h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0CCB924C5h
add     eax, 18ABD7B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 6BEDA6B5h
not     eax
add     eax, 1EA3C106h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 67116A8Dh
xor     eax, 0BA07B588h
add     eax, 4C6EF67Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C1682670h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1AC57689h
xor     eax, 3E420249h
xor     eax, 750B843Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 13079A44h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F482464Fh
add     eax, 64C470A8h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0F246DD1Dh
add     eax, 1A7D4B22h
sub     eax, 20B71E53h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 43B0AEBBh
add     eax, 0B99FB013h
sub     eax, 5ECAECB4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B8627203h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 24A188B3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DA882DF3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DF0E5C44h
add     eax, 0B789BC1Bh
sub     eax, 475D3303h
sub     eax, 6376E6D8h
add     eax, 61A5FDBCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2A7DDEC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DC6064EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6F4A8904h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 3AAB5D4Dh
xor     eax, 3446217Ah
sub     eax, 7BEEF404h
sub     eax, 571D5352h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A437A755h
xor     eax, 3D1C7805h
xor     eax, 39E592F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0C2E82B05h
sub     eax, 0EE5349E4h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0ABC2E67Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0DE9EF759h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A1EC5C2Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 574E6EEFh
add     eax, 3948C0ACh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 242AEE08h
add     eax, 4815E4EAh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 9A189E31h
sub     eax, 0ADBC6D31h
sub     eax, 0D19FB5E2h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0AE8BED3Bh
xor     eax, 33CD66E9h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0E02B4A69h
add     eax, 596FF5FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0AE6256B5h
sub     eax, 2D1BD81Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0B44C91C1h
sub     eax, 4A92208Dh
sub     eax, 7609F540h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5E69419Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 595A06F8h
xor     eax, 0CE25DD03h
sub     eax, 37816F7Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D5B5ED0Ah
add     eax, 47FD07A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 11BDEDC0h
xor     eax, 66A84228h
xor     eax, 0C6833ECCh
sub     eax, 0CB286A10h
add     eax, 11E8721Ah
xor     eax, 9A9E9D57h
add     eax, 0D77AEB04h
not     eax
add     eax, 7ADA1647h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 51257068h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 6E694CC3h
add     eax, 0F9D6DF89h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 5F1B71ABh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 9D5A3E5Ah
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 9A1A3638h
xor     eax, 0A84A75D7h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 876CF460h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F02931DBh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0FAE98DAAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C741F3BEh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0B38C9754h
sub     eax, 6692FDE3h
xor     eax, 0EB5F253Bh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 5670D010h
add     eax, 3C9DE772h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0ABF8FE21h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0CD06279Fh
xor     eax, 7FB1F212h
not     eax
sub     eax, 348D7C7Fh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 679C6855h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ABAC7A65h
add     eax, 754C7232h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 9CB57A92h
add     eax, 373B9B0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 36559675h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2A1EBAE9h
add     eax, 5C344707h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B3EDCEECh
xor     eax, 938DE63Fh
add     eax, 1FC86967h
sub     eax, 5E231311h
add     eax, 49069ADDh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0BFB28D15h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 3852AFF6h
sub     eax, 5243FDCFh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0FACAD40Dh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0F6A8BCC8h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A1BF4FDAh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0DF9AF4D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0D18E66BBh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 87F51E08h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0D4223B4Dh
add     eax, 0D195D0C0h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 9CDF53D5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1D3F187Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C9BC558Eh
add     eax, 862207EAh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 777DDC4Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ABA39B1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A3BE0B82h
sub     eax, 254CB903h
sub     eax, 9F410460h
xor     eax, 0CFAD5464h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 86FE52F5h
sub     eax, 8F4591DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E9554158h
sub     eax, 0BF5F99A9h
sub     eax, 7C47E8ABh
sub     eax, 0B9710EC4h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 26E97D2Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 3421332Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2FD6E342h
add     eax, 862C262Ch
xor     eax, 70DFE883h
sub     eax, 0B5A90D86h
add     eax, 665F1422h
xor     eax, 5D04192Eh
add     eax, 60CC37EEh
xor     eax, 483C735Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CEC7279Bh
sub     eax, 67DEF230h
xor     eax, 245919C3h
sub     eax, 0A51339AFh
sub     eax, 68932D95h
xor     eax, 4B89B1A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7E4A241Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 8C846DABh
add     eax, 8DA315C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0B22A60C6h
xor     eax, 342C4F2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A7315282h
sub     eax, 889EE7C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5DEB3633h
add     eax, 0BB0ADD76h
sub     eax, 0C2C5D51Ch
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B8631DFFh
xor     eax, 0A564FC45h
xor     eax, 7EAAA217h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CDF37311h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ED7CCA3Ah
xor     eax, 0A378E75Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AD458A01h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 2AAB9631h
xor     eax, 0B87F0D7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 60347000h
sub     eax, 60E82625h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 47729D58h
add     eax, 8869B483h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 4E385055h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 94B01E82h
add     eax, 0A806D243h
sub     eax, 66C831B8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0CA9BEF63h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0EC2F301Dh
xor     eax, 82E76305h
xor     eax, 0B696BA60h
xor     eax, 0DBE0D591h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C7CE721Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 753028AAh
add     eax, 42831882h
xor     eax, 0B8A015CDh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 3F498D5Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 84258A48h
sub     eax, 9467E067h
add     eax, 0E790478Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 93B40E23h
add     eax, 4977E74Bh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 3D98A8EFh
sub     eax, 8BC67B7Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0F44D579Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FA565C78h
xor     eax, 609D3FEAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4AC19A03h
sub     eax, 0A53AC641h
xor     eax, 2ACB34A0h
xor     eax, 0EA924D9Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0F31056E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 374754ACh
xor     eax, 0E03A8A33h
sub     eax, 0AF0F849Dh
xor     eax, 0B836201Ah
add     eax, 5E5F565Bh
sub     eax, 88731B8Bh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0F35E61DFh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0AE95C05Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 70E3BD26h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6101FC17h
xor     eax, 0DFBB3785h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 44136F3Dh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 1599AE66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C68421B9h
xor     eax, 7D068481h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4644B4E4h
add     eax, 0A56D405Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D1613ACCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 924D378Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 142326BEh
add     eax, 0F38E2364h
add     eax, 9CC0C54Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2187CB61h
not     eax
xor     eax, 510F8739h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 4FCACC53h
xor     eax, 5FFDCCAFh
xor     eax, 365BB917h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 7764BE9Bh
xor     eax, 164F896Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F63E6F22h
add     eax, 0F3AD7025h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 57068E2Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9E162555h
add     eax, 4486B1F7h
xor     eax, 882999DDh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0B2FDF752h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 339D445Dh
sub     eax, 3C69BE77h
add     eax, 0F051EE84h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C89E8D69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8ECDE0D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 553E1A24h
xor     eax, 0B070B626h
xor     eax, 17E984C1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 385453D2h
xor     eax, 9E55E5E7h
add     eax, 6FF37B80h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 7D00BC5Dh
sub     eax, 0BAE31348h
sub     eax, 0AAC9D3C4h
sub     eax, 247D168Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 972956E4h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0FFEEBD99h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 177B1956h
xor     eax, 87DA441Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0BEC10884h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 1CBD7DACh
sub     eax, 0DA1DB29Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3D258117h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 7B3E4ADBh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 76D713D0h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 37EAEEC5h
add     eax, 3402D2C9h
add     eax, 6C2BDE28h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 7AD2D217h
add     eax, 3424DB41h
xor     eax, 786F77DDh
xor     eax, 0B317934Fh
sub     eax, 20DBC280h
xor     eax, 7AB435D6h
sub     eax, 400CF8F9h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 55187C52h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9DC58B02h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 5FAEA3D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 45DEACFBh
sub     eax, 0D03CB389h
add     eax, 9BF0E52Ah
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 4015E582h
add     eax, 569BDA75h
add     eax, 0A0358798h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0DF5944BDh
sub     eax, 4FDF0D83h
sub     eax, 0F9520C97h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D15B6103h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5851C4B5h
sub     eax, 83DC8360h
sub     eax, 0B327F639h
add     eax, 0E5A7892Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0A764EC09h
sub     eax, 0B18D0937h
add     eax, 0AE476AEBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 941E11A9h
add     eax, 0C6624D94h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B55E5767h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7668237Ah
add     eax, 8FEEEA4Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0F6E1ACF3h
sub     eax, 0EDB9A945h
sub     eax, 0F9410D90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 5F015189h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 850FB442h
sub     eax, 0E36D53B8h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 68177E8Ch
add     eax, 9F9F1013h
sub     eax, 0B034982Fh
sub     eax, 499540F4h
sub     eax, 0C5394AB7h
add     eax, 50F3C284h
xor     eax, 18D860E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8E6169F3h
add     eax, 398761B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F4832FF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 48994E62h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A1A92C9Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 5D50598Ch
xor     eax, 9411185Fh
xor     eax, 45AF91F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EA448997h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8AB494A4h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0DF58185Dh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0C9A1349Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5010364Fh
add     eax, 5FDCA474h
not     eax
add     eax, 784A17A1h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD2D1191h
add     eax, 42C90740h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 6F7591C6h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 62BDE18Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 66F6A1B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 5C081642h
add     eax, 64018AB0h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 36279983h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 36765985h
sub     eax, 0F2C5FF09h
sub     eax, 0BCA23168h
add     eax, 0E2C11A41h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0F8061A1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FA9838B5h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 7B81490Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D85FE971h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 462CDCB1h
sub     eax, 0EBA22894h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A4D397F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BF80642Fh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 8A143522h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 586FB4EEh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 3D700109h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 14B34D73h
add     eax, 4A41FC87h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0B092DA3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E93835BEh
sub     eax, 8F6A5AABh
sub     eax, 5DFFD759h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0E140E0C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8F25E375h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A4D153CCh
xor     eax, 187DC293h
xor     eax, 5FA1F746h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 5F5B4A02h
add     eax, 32FE8941h
xor     eax, 2E3E19BAh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 754E17F9h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 40438331h
sub     eax, 0CF70F2A3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D0C1C58Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 5BC848F3h
xor     eax, 6C492132h
sub     eax, 83CB79F0h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 28AAB317h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E66C7DE8h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 2A9E27D9h
xor     eax, 372716F6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D601ED66h
xor     eax, 4F9B0992h
add     eax, 5B7C1562h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E540DFC2h
add     eax, 57177789h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8FB694EBh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0E4AC3403h
add     eax, 53020A45h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0E1A74C3Eh
xor     eax, 0FB959365h
add     eax, 0E33DACFFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C1CC87EEh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7A73098Fh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0B9917ADEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 667A09A8h
add     eax, 0D2159FC7h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 4D23926Bh
xor     eax, 0BC94378Ah
xor     eax, 3F655619h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7379B67Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0BFBC973Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 26E6390Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 947C5DA5h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0AFD1BE8Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EACA4B39h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 85F69579h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 42E036CDh
add     eax, 372B4239h
sub     eax, 5684C93Ah
xor     eax, 0D7AFA42Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0A55A4DD6h
add     eax, 1A5DDFC1h
add     eax, 0A7A1C612h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3B6147B5h
sub     eax, 1CC19DC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0A1AC51A9h
xor     eax, 0C158A78Bh
sub     eax, 3EAF3098h
xor     eax, 0A5102986h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0DB4070FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4172401Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0F8EB6B05h
xor     eax, 0A1BE60B5h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FE0EB1ABh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0CF9C528Ch
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0B031FAC0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4B4323A6h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0FAD115E7h
xor     eax, 0B8B9A3B0h
xor     eax, 914A00CAh
add     eax, 0C6B7797Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 5013924Ah
sub     eax, 0CF9B92E5h
add     eax, 0C0D27B71h
add     eax, 7D466E9Eh
add     eax, 9094FB08h
add     eax, 0AFCFCE54h
sub     eax, 46060DE0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0EE822E14h
add     eax, 3C94AAB6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8EEA34C2h
xor     eax, 0C877D8D0h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0F69879AEh
sub     eax, 0DEF9A81Ch
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 9E323283h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 620FC12Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0D75305BFh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 25BD3FBCh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5F7E6573h
xor     eax, 11016289h
xor     eax, 475885A8h
add     eax, 4EDF0A5Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0AA8C11A0h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0F9FB5936h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 58FCB680h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 96213890h
add     eax, 89BE2EBEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2FA63A7Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0FAE79AA5h
xor     eax, 71C74BE3h
sub     eax, 0A7A534B2h
add     eax, 84BBBE87h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 5D4583AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DBA55C8Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0D2B413DFh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 247D550Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0AEC2B5D4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0EE312974h
xor     eax, 865AFE9Eh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9295E0FFh
xor     eax, 0C4241B06h
add     eax, 4735FC19h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 8D3BEC94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 8B36F89Fh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 4C01208Ah
xor     eax, 28651E51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4B1A4F03h
xor     eax, 0AC58F397h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A228FD37h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 453BCDFAh
sub     eax, 1641DD31h
xor     eax, 9D43ECB6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 932F7AE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 47D7D2F4h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 9CFFC6B0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 4322C8A0h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E37BFF21h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0BEFB1DDCh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C6E99B85h
add     eax, 2B19BABCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 37B2AEB3h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 64E7E81Ch
sub     eax, 0FA23D6A9h
xor     eax, 0DD91550Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AE80B2E5h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AF4A43E7h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 10B99AD8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F05E7BB4h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 65B8D004h
sub     eax, 6862566Fh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6AC62D39h
xor     eax, 96EF5214h
sub     eax, 4968DE3Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 9033F80Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0C9BF46F3h
add     eax, 8EEDDD7Dh
sub     eax, 8224E936h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 5011E5D8h
sub     eax, 29B7E7B1h
xor     eax, 34A43154h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A5586EA1h
xor     eax, 0AB777ABCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AB57315Ch
add     eax, 80B668AFh
xor     eax, 0F85FF479h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2AD81636h
add     eax, 0B36D7506h
xor     eax, 49D7BA0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7784A65Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 464766CCh
xor     eax, 0E729D572h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9AE77BC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 6E84AAFDh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0C1E18C29h
sub     eax, 0B9D4BB47h
add     eax, 4141DF36h
not     eax
xor     eax, 77E6375Bh
sub     eax, 0B8F10E96h
xor     eax, 0D576090Bh
xor     eax, 0BBE0A4BDh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 71FCFECAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 95AFF13Bh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 2443DE83h
not     eax
xor     eax, 92A79A09h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 533F7C8Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6EED595Eh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 4735A806h
xor     eax, 696F2DB4h
xor     eax, 174E57A5h
add     eax, 5823539Bh
xor     eax, 4C48064Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A5CE7356h
sub     eax, 551341B5h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0EA316328h
sub     eax, 90B7B06Fh
add     eax, 798659ECh
sub     eax, 5254315Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8EBBC2A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 79C0A508h
not     eax
xor     eax, 51DE276Fh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0BB8744A9h
add     eax, 9B8C1492h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 5806BDF4h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 32686DE1h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D5645822h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0E0D81267h
sub     eax, 6E14A4ECh
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 7D7FD511h
sub     eax, 0E20225C8h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 1040F70Dh
xor     eax, 482E7620h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 5B3EC886h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CA568133h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 98D41AC8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 70BE02E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 8631E150h
add     eax, 0E76137D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DB69EF6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9ABA5FC7h
add     eax, 476207BDh
xor     eax, 6551CFE8h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BE601A9Ah
xor     eax, 0BD697189h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7326342Eh
xor     eax, 5A4137F1h
xor     eax, 0FA25ED8Bh
xor     eax, 994A1199h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 65B80001h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 79CC5348h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0FB6CC1D4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7C7C4E48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C87BA6B3h
add     eax, 70AB5EEAh
not     eax
add     eax, 12D56996h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 468191BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E35CAD80h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D7EC0BA5h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 5126431Fh
add     eax, 89531AFFh
sub     eax, 28884245h
xor     eax, 31DDAD8Dh
add     eax, 0B28B207Ch
sub     eax, 89EEDBABh
sub     eax, 0ECD109A3h
xor     eax, 0F3B1B7DFh
sub     eax, 0AC6E64A5h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0D0FC5818h
not     eax
add     eax, 5E029BACh
sub     eax, 0EA83CE35h
sub     eax, 0B0712CF2h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 4C6A709Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 36A88275h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 839FBE7Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 216EFC78h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 4B4B4787h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0CB363754h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 3B81375Dh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 681388AFh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 98C1E900h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 1312431Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 8566D53Bh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 75C2619Bh
add     eax, 8461C9B6h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 8C5DE2B7h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 79056B8Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EF37B36Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 97BFF52Eh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 0D3E2C122h
xor     eax, 0E2C9B44Ch
sub     eax, 5D9486FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8C2BE86Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 41CA8DFEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C49411EBh
xor     eax, 0B8AE03DAh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D225D22Ch
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0A9EEC567h
sub     eax, 43D4667Fh
sub     eax, 16868BC8h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 165D164Dh
xor     eax, 6B2CDCE1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 80B5C3ABh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0A533744Fh
sub     eax, 0D820FB8Ch
xor     eax, 10D90D39h
sub     eax, 6BB5906Bh
xor     eax, 95B6A05Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FFFC9860h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 567656BCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F0C473AAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 543A9BD8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0B208B85Bh
xor     eax, 6B1743B5h
add     eax, 638371AAh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 9418ED5Dh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 7E4F2613h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9A7C7996h
xor     eax, 0E2F78824h
sub     eax, 0C0D3B8C7h
add     eax, 3DDE2F11h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0B58ADA34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 46D959B7h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7ACE81E9h
add     eax, 0C169C311h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B8D4BBA4h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 4801D90Fh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 83EE1D8Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D5208ACBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E41BDE73h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 82225A02h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A0C743D5h
sub     eax, 2CF4EE83h
sub     eax, 0B6F40341h
add     eax, 163FFCA6h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 685E78CFh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0B8D26007h
add     eax, 5927B132h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 3FFCDB81h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0B1B04A23h
xor     eax, 0BF62C368h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0E29BDF7Ah
xor     eax, 0B9CA81A3h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 1F4378CDh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 9339C6B7h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 909A4FE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6359B750h
add     eax, 4C1D3BFFh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 762955A2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B1C165D1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 11E2B500h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FE5A5A14h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F2A1C1CAh
add     eax, 0C6611F60h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 1FC40E8Ch
xor     eax, 54D17F51h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8CB07B0Eh
add     eax, 53313BC6h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 7D3E973Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2DEDE347h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0BDC9AEBCh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 85E3F3FCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0C431B7F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0CDE7FC7Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0AFA40322h
add     eax, 995DC91Ch
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 7E5F1A99h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0A4AA6828h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0DF8D7F25h
xor     eax, 0CFB209B0h
add     eax, 916F4635h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 5A031059h
xor     eax, 0B93D6EFEh
sub     eax, 14840CA6h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 82CBED61h
add     eax, 70CEAD1Eh
xor     eax, 445AAFCAh
xor     eax, 6CE644BEh
xor     eax, 4D5A45CDh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0C97D5D82h
xor     eax, 5668415Dh
xor     eax, 59AF6C5Dh
add     eax, 0F3080EEEh
sub     eax, 0CC8E9489h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3C068622h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2CE24951h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 9D270D0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B36538F3h
add     eax, 0CB69DE9Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6E92E340h
not     eax
sub     eax, 30B414CDh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 109DA513h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B38138E5h
sub     eax, 1080DB84h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0E068D620h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FC8A764Ch
add     eax, 0B589F443h
not     eax
add     eax, 89E57067h
add     eax, 8C1545F4h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 30874137h
add     eax, 0C6487F20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 19411AE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0A3FD3DC8h
xor     eax, 91597CC7h
add     eax, 0A2ED79A3h
add     eax, 6EF36E92h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2503C1F5h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 541EA5E6h
xor     eax, 0CE85C3A1h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 8278C882h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5754A910h
sub     eax, 0D4F37D0Fh
xor     eax, 63B2264Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8E79BC83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9D9E387Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 814E69C7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BB407D81h
add     eax, 443E16DBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3F53B0D9h
add     eax, 0C002BA55h
sub     eax, 0B941950Eh
sub     eax, 5D20855Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C53A2311h
add     eax, 0E10211D8h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 93D26FDCh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 5F88888Bh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0B85D69CDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A952FF51h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AA088C54h
xor     eax, 0B248419Ch
xor     eax, 0C0D42926h
add     eax, 0CE67C2BDh
sub     eax, 0C312EF34h
sub     eax, 0F7ADB7D3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2F1E6D85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5081A730h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0F7342B40h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 8F63CC68h
sub     eax, 0AB553E0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 7D0FCF53h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0C6140B20h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 15979DC1h
sub     eax, 4C9104A6h
add     eax, 3E72A82Bh
xor     eax, 2BA6B2D9h
sub     eax, 777C6118h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0BC9F4214h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F06E990Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C9E5D3C4h
xor     eax, 6E23E29Eh
add     eax, 0CCE342BBh
xor     eax, 5543BD81h
sub     eax, 0A7F5A67Ah
add     eax, 0CDDD853Bh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0EF3A0BA0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 38A762C6h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 7987C7F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 21D9BA5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 46B2AAFDh
xor     eax, 8ED55AA5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8F0EF3C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 215D26B2h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 90659A05h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 87CBB665h
xor     eax, 2A192945h
sub     eax, 241D332Dh
xor     eax, 73F4A945h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FD6F5BEDh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0B08362A3h
sub     eax, 0B7CEE4BCh
add     eax, 0B16164EAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0C45DDDDAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3AF973EFh
add     eax, 5B30B6C6h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 18FBA234h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 18BCF951h
sub     eax, 199EE7AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 9C03D395h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0F8636A66h
add     eax, 8329408Ah
xor     eax, 48FCA85Dh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 432C64DFh
sub     eax, 0A0B1836Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 1B0042FBh
xor     eax, 2BE1F8CCh
sub     eax, 0DD0DF170h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 9CE95AC3h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0E572A8EBh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0BFB55683h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 364B4313h
add     eax, 0A56DE632h
sub     eax, 41D70E2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0CBDC8D47h
add     eax, 628E7C17h
add     eax, 0E2A53A58h
sub     eax, 2C6B6B09h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B68DCBF6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 21FA4617h
add     eax, 0F3301BE1h
add     eax, 4C84FA91h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 2C867590h
xor     eax, 0FEFFDEDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 474781CBh
sub     eax, 52DCF0FBh
add     eax, 0E7B38785h
add     eax, 0DA963447h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 2070E6F9h
add     eax, 2D45BA97h
sub     eax, 62FCED73h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 1316D041h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 12479130h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 1F70C04Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 34E7AD68h
sub     eax, 0E7114D2Bh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0A60A10E8h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0FA3F8A7Dh
xor     eax, 548CC453h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0F82EA500h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FFE930F6h
xor     eax, 0B3B2804Eh
xor     eax, 0BE0E5385h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0EEA5F8CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0FBB200AFh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0A5761273h
sub     eax, 8E6874C6h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5B75770Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 48A94CC3h
xor     eax, 4C04548Eh
add     eax, 40C77D29h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0FB339630h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9112E82Dh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F7C6888Ah
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FE70E62Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F44FBD68h
xor     eax, 6566B445h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2485E3E6h
sub     eax, 689AF188h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0B8ABF637h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0EFC9E43Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5911C314h
add     eax, 0C9BD27C7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DBC83A1Bh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 236273F2h
xor     eax, 7759C4E3h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0CB59B8A4h
add     eax, 0AC472B5Ah
xor     eax, 79E6BAF0h
sub     eax, 0BC86B87Eh
add     eax, 9FA58AE3h
add     eax, 30D88928h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7AFA53F5h
xor     eax, 96386B82h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E22853EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2D71A1D0h
sub     eax, 6AF55EF2h
xor     eax, 3780D3F0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 535A8120h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E78521CBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 702A6789h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 3E8CD5FAh
xor     eax, 381A923Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0A4B9BBF1h
add     eax, 7C23D3DAh
xor     eax, 94D68558h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9D2E236Eh
xor     eax, 8F28A92Fh
add     eax, 5C274A49h
sub     eax, 0DBC91434h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 21528A49h
sub     eax, 514DDCDDh
xor     eax, 9D27C756h
sub     eax, 37340053h
xor     eax, 76B8DFF7h
xor     eax, 0DED94E54h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DFED6A80h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 43C9D865h
not     eax
xor     eax, 69AD1E1Ch
xor     eax, 82BFCBC4h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 89116C4Ch
xor     eax, 60582533h
sub     eax, 71B991ACh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4D5C34BEh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 6DB3F00Dh
add     eax, 0EB2B01ECh
xor     eax, 8A366AB9h
sub     eax, 0E0971E29h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 79A66ED3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1A03E321h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 7AF3A00Ah
add     eax, 56B37B4Ah
sub     eax, 0AF36887Ah
xor     eax, 0B9DD4D5Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 20C57C11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0CA7B5AB3h
sub     eax, 76E69BABh
sub     eax, 0FBF01252h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 1327857Ah
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0B6907B59h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 12EF7931h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0C1F91EDEh
sub     eax, 0A40FF7F8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AD75D9C0h
sub     eax, 0A9DA34E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 93240118h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0B196B00Dh
xor     eax, 61157B1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B605422Eh
xor     eax, 3FDBADF8h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 293D3C91h
add     eax, 5B2299CEh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 58C42CD4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AFC18965h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 933AD2B0h
sub     eax, 3A3A4C00h
sub     eax, 2D5FC02Bh
add     eax, 54FD388Eh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0F659CF3Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 9EC81FA7h
add     eax, 3C0C4778h
sub     eax, 0A3EE2DC3h
add     eax, 14DFAD11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7136EDB3h
sub     eax, 6822EE3Eh
xor     eax, 53B24E72h
add     eax, 0AC2D1A70h
xor     eax, 23B164EAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3F789877h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0A59ED4CDh
xor     eax, 0EDF5C051h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7607DF98h
sub     eax, 8FB7BCECh
sub     eax, 0FC55F0C1h
xor     eax, 0EAD88DEEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 8BDB106Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 538E3A28h
xor     eax, 0E49516F2h
sub     eax, 0F798D235h
add     eax, 44D872CDh
xor     eax, 0E61A6539h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 8DA1BF20h
sub     eax, 6EF5743Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5FF58D94h
not     eax
sub     eax, 27E610AFh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0C672769Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8EA9C9DAh
add     eax, 0D6D17AA9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2D913DE6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 61EE3F08h
add     eax, 7FC5D366h
sub     eax, 0A34A3F8Eh
add     eax, 524A57DEh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0F2EE0A62h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 95EE5744h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 17CADD84h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 858C33E7h
sub     eax, 9D75BB3Bh
xor     eax, 0E65F0C75h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 2E593491h
xor     eax, 77165B7Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 81D6B09Eh
xor     eax, 47ADED90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4D379A22h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7D2CFD84h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 59EFEA0Fh
add     eax, 0C2B5E05Ah
add     eax, 422D4F82h
sub     eax, 8A7C5D0Eh
sub     eax, 6BD3E0EDh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 90979C68h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0F7CB3C42h
xor     eax, 621C972Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B6706E55h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0E4521641h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AE35209Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 167C4898h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1263AF93h
add     eax, 6C29B892h
add     eax, 92A79EF0h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 2372985Fh
xor     eax, 3C37E8DCh
add     eax, 89C81408h
xor     eax, 7426F099h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 24618E30h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 4B9CCB9Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 9F8859BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 25702656h
not     eax
add     eax, 8E90D00Dh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 38DEAED1h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 5F822684h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 630CE194h
sub     eax, 0C1FF4609h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 96F68305h
xor     eax, 0C7932DC8h
xor     eax, 70BE8495h
add     eax, 57C945E8h
sub     eax, 7ED48C85h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0FE923085h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 421E7FD8h
sub     eax, 3B68FF54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 5C01DD38h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0B0AE67C2h
xor     eax, 5EF37246h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 537C9C36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 21CEDB66h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C998EC16h
xor     eax, 27940679h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0A72D589Dh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0FFEA57CEh
sub     eax, 0F43A655Fh
add     eax, 1282DC96h
add     eax, 0A5F312BAh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0A2AE76C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2CB76049h
sub     eax, 49F8F212h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 71FA74C2h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0E1C02119h
sub     eax, 96DCAB24h
sub     eax, 92CC0A40h
sub     eax, 1D97C12Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0EB414779h
add     eax, 7A641659h
xor     eax, 1FCB970Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A31106B7h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 556C7528h
add     eax, 0C7D48258h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0AD9F9FEBh
xor     eax, 6D12A91Ch
xor     eax, 0DC2F4405h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0B2841A5Ch
xor     eax, 0BFD9D4B8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0AB7C14F1h
sub     eax, 456D5FF2h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0F0D6B6ADh
xor     eax, 0D51290E3h
add     eax, 0F19A13AFh
xor     eax, 35A7160Dh
sub     eax, 1AEE2071h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0BF661608h
add     eax, 0AED8AC16h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 70953A42h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 572D22E8h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0D008A3B8h
not     eax
add     eax, 21D25ED6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 73C0767Ah
xor     eax, 5612D094h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 6036F7E7h
not     eax
add     eax, 1A89E3F8h
xor     eax, 2488F496h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 545BDE26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 7A1282ECh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C42D67E7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BABE7C3Eh
add     eax, 2BB3066Eh
add     eax, 50498BE6h
xor     eax, 6C839BEAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A30BE81Dh
sub     eax, 0BD3C5F43h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9D61A562h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 32AB9FDAh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0E3FE0B66h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D5547735h
add     eax, 81B1485Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E677533Ch
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 5543E2E3h
add     eax, 9F99A5A0h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0B41D476Fh
add     eax, 39FA11EAh
xor     eax, 99C4EF6Bh
xor     eax, 0D80B9C62h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5555D7F4h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0FB47BAE7h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 50549B98h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 701AC4A3h
sub     eax, 8E7FEFD5h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 52068415h
add     eax, 5A491F69h
sub     eax, 1A91B2D4h
sub     eax, 81E7573Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0A37F04CEh
add     eax, 61A3A924h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D4AF5D46h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CB9C20CAh
xor     eax, 8D7D227Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3EF1347Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4282423Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8E45A128h
sub     eax, 0D8F2FAC9h
add     eax, 0FB2B7E8Ah
sub     eax, 32CB3568h
xor     eax, 9FE228F3h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 536FD990h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 490A6490h
xor     eax, 62D55A1Dh
add     eax, 0CD6E0F41h
sub     eax, 0BEF55FD1h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 57D85752h
xor     eax, 8E0D5651h
sub     eax, 0FAD8AA95h
sub     eax, 437316DBh
xor     eax, 0F933D107h
add     eax, 43D3D892h
add     eax, 5933A0CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 81C86A29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 928FF4DFh
sub     eax, 9EF9C908h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 21B23DCEh
add     eax, 0F7122C63h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 920C65FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6CB2CA46h
xor     eax, 305C342Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 3F5EE7FFh
add     eax, 8D405B74h
xor     eax, 0A77ADD00h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0A9705409h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0C6B1F6B3h
add     eax, 3EA07F54h
add     eax, 727715F8h
add     eax, 0B3A2AE59h
add     eax, 25999C06h
not     eax
xor     eax, 91DA7D95h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0D587AC30h
sub     eax, 0DE3DA0B7h
xor     eax, 92573109h
add     eax, 71502DB6h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0DB527324h
xor     eax, 4C68A6ACh
add     eax, 0B73E755Fh
xor     eax, 5D4708E5h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D333C177h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 7DF73B84h
xor     eax, 0E1ED2C79h
add     eax, 0DE16D4D4h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 48CA212Dh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2B839284h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 1A9B240Ch
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 7FCAA8AAh
add     eax, 0F786C295h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 56CF3F3Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B8F70FBCh
sub     eax, 0E24F50B0h
add     eax, 5BA3A533h
add     eax, 0E40714DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2E1F2840h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0C321DAAAh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0C2E72A22h
xor     eax, 64E0EBB6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1FDA8F86h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BD8D01CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 14B41919h
sub     eax, 3065A455h
sub     eax, 5B52A72Ah
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 357CA146h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FD7F2AEDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 91FC6C6Ah
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 6EBED73Ah
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 49DCC6DFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5C5D1811h
sub     eax, 97CDBB69h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 1767C235h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0F64CD2D2h
add     eax, 6FF7D6E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 9324DF3Ah
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 49A9BC51h
sub     eax, 25D3AB07h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 57DB9E5Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1F6EFA27h
xor     eax, 7670EA0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C389B807h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 9440F09Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 424D023Ch
xor     eax, 0F78A388Ah
add     eax, 81DE706Bh
sub     eax, 0C93CCB6Ah
sub     eax, 83D3E0E6h
not     eax
add     eax, 983A1A63h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0C9B0A5CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0D4BA112Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 4FFCE6B1h
xor     eax, 1D468CBFh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 6084490Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 298E39E5h
xor     eax, 0A71C75BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6B45AFBFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AB53D35Dh
xor     eax, 4E24B57Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 78A314CEh
add     eax, 93F5EAE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CF8A96A5h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 6E4916FCh
add     eax, 12D25251h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0E899F410h
sub     eax, 0A9988F7Eh
xor     eax, 39569F0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 184AE7FAh
sub     eax, 9FE3DFC1h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0FCCA6956h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 738714B4h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B56BFEC3h
xor     eax, 9F3BEFBAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0B287E225h
sub     eax, 5AF64B04h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0E16F4B62h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B081796Bh
sub     eax, 0A365A776h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AC1C382Dh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0C952EA38h
sub     eax, 0D4BD7DA3h
sub     eax, 46499DC9h
sub     eax, 5047DB10h
xor     eax, 0A142716Dh
sub     eax, 39849200h
add     eax, 0FA0DF113h
add     eax, 9A2931D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ADC02076h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 569B2878h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 2226833Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 30ABD196h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0AE971E82h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 435F130Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 6507D231h
sub     eax, 397675EAh
xor     eax, 272A2C10h
sub     eax, 47D43EECh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 3B3FC3C2h
xor     eax, 9E729A88h
xor     eax, 301D2669h
add     eax, 51CA76D1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 121CC55Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 44A8C1D0h
sub     eax, 9D51EB90h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 87E500C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B6E03C3Fh
add     eax, 4A63C71Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7A5350C2h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0C24158EAh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0BF7B7C67h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0C6941DD9h
sub     eax, 51C5A5F5h
add     eax, 0B0187EBCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 46CC74E0h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0F6DE044Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 5FBAD145h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 743CC344h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0B3B4601Ah
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FAF3C2E2h
xor     eax, 1CD21138h
add     eax, 0D0E79CABh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1BE15C8Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0D2BD3B57h
xor     eax, 4BCED0BEh
xor     eax, 0E6D8796Ah
sub     eax, 5FB84ADEh
xor     eax, 86F256F5h
add     eax, 0D4253C4Ch
xor     eax, 44552162h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 14D7A45Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 306F5471h
add     eax, 60CBD2EBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9B501678h
sub     eax, 2B7A595Eh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0F058498Dh
sub     eax, 74B14E6Eh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0A843288Eh
xor     eax, 93602878h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4E9921B4h
add     eax, 8ECFA732h
add     eax, 0B6B8AF03h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E245F878h
sub     eax, 0FB9753C4h
sub     eax, 0A77A3A53h
add     eax, 0FBA7B1F9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 89AC9948h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 8A015DDBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C6BF7B94h
sub     eax, 0D3D088FFh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0A5329FB1h
xor     eax, 0B852B780h
not     eax
sub     eax, 142394D0h
not     eax
add     eax, 3B106F65h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A5B4AEB2h
add     eax, 0D9B43C44h
sub     eax, 382C4919h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 2158EF8Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 4DAD0DEBh
xor     eax, 807D8EA6h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 90E1AC02h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BB574F33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1892EFACh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F05A0971h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 45B368EDh
add     eax, 4ECF1D38h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0C0C4A1D5h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D1D5725Ah
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0B3F29793h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E1E9522Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 85DA1484h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 41979894h
sub     eax, 0FF2D1189h
add     eax, 608152E8h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 333CC6C0h
xor     eax, 0EC6C30E7h
add     eax, 9B07CB79h
add     eax, 0A122B7B6h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9CCA331Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3C33B6EFh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B1613AEDh
sub     eax, 6230D1ECh
sub     eax, 0DB36797Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 82B5EE18h
xor     eax, 0CA83DA4Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 1B369532h
xor     eax, 0DDD76585h
sub     eax, 1C8EDAC4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 7258B3B3h
xor     eax, 0F2769E77h
add     eax, 0ACDEBA98h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0C17D2F45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0C4F606E7h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0E33EE2F8h
not     eax
add     eax, 3829AB50h
sub     eax, 717F3D53h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0B7DEA58Fh
add     eax, 0C3C5A035h
xor     eax, 0FD73BB86h
add     eax, 3B69256Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 2E36ACFFh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0AD05159Ch
sub     eax, 3A8A590Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8C34F843h
sub     eax, 0BEEAC6EFh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 3BF32C2Eh
xor     eax, 65BF51D2h
add     eax, 0D384664Bh
add     eax, 8726308Dh
add     eax, 0CEAEC9BBh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0C11D8611h
xor     eax, 0CB70F01Bh
add     eax, 0D1FD8469h
sub     eax, 394B1BA3h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0B0D676D4h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 80FED398h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 5592B744h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0CB942283h
sub     eax, 0D35066B5h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E4EAED40h
xor     eax, 32F6998Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2A1C6F80h
add     eax, 234992C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 29A89A71h
sub     eax, 0F97C6034h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0B3FACC8Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0BB125C75h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0AF3A5358h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 60BF1D67h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9C6188B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 544D063Bh
sub     eax, 0C553AD52h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0BA25B8E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 31232E3Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0B737A945h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A97D5D7h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0A18311DFh
xor     eax, 30B49010h
xor     eax, 4514E2F8h
sub     eax, 0B074EF42h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C4C9185h
xor     eax, 9974370Ch
xor     eax, 0D35359C2h
sub     eax, 82ACCE1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8FFCCD02h
xor     eax, 0B7BA5183h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0EBB699ADh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F79EB091h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E61BB428h
xor     eax, 0B75FBC33h
xor     eax, 84131094h
xor     eax, 9916831Ah
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2BB6B5B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7F08BBA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2374DA2Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D5E057D0h
add     eax, 0D8C5A7D6h
sub     eax, 0D37D7D07h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 1DC33525h
sub     eax, 25414594h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 9E6D5B9Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F62F4C6Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CAEA2043h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D0C19A5Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0B19484ADh
sub     eax, 7308F956h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 8F9124EAh
sub     eax, 0EC37997Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E7824ACCh
xor     eax, 0D96BD6FBh
sub     eax, 3B88E29Fh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 83FB005Eh
add     eax, 77467CA7h
add     eax, 0FD75E946h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 8306DC34h
xor     eax, 10239400h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7DCDE7FDh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0BDB5F386h
add     eax, 0A0C0F985h
sub     eax, 9D677A93h
sub     eax, 722BE62Fh
xor     eax, 0BE360D8Fh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 2A25E64Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 5373D76Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 3A21E999h
sub     eax, 2928BD21h
xor     eax, 0EEF40D5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4A304FF0h
xor     eax, 3FBEBD31h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8CE5227Bh
add     eax, 0EA100A72h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3E3EEA96h
add     eax, 0B01F7A3Bh
add     eax, 7F510218h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 48CA7949h
sub     eax, 5629C61Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1C198F6Eh
xor     eax, 0B82A7C65h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 599E127Ch
sub     eax, 3F80383Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 6E053E26h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0FBFDC9ECh
add     eax, 0CC564269h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8EB4159Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0B51AFAFEh
sub     eax, 755082D9h
xor     eax, 0E9867771h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DAC771A6h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F8148279h
xor     eax, 0B362FD8Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 56D07CDAh
sub     eax, 0F7606044h
xor     eax, 0E4938B7Dh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 2F7E3333h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 2A2CC803h
add     eax, 5C787F34h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 19841949h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EFCA1388h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0FE331338h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0ECF0BD3Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9EE94DB1h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0B1714FCBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0AC0D8303h
sub     eax, 6CE2FA5Bh
xor     eax, 0BCF340F3h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 5D000668h
xor     eax, 8F4062C2h
add     eax, 85F33C37h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9E625275h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 7F3AFC38h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 7E513D49h
add     eax, 4F5A0FF0h
xor     eax, 9B862E48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 8C144BE0h
sub     eax, 6C904E13h
sub     eax, 8105EF4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4EBA45BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 9CF985EBh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 289DBDB7h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0E3073CA4h
add     eax, 33AB604Dh
add     eax, 0BC21A7D1h
xor     eax, 0FDF11120h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5009DDB3h
xor     eax, 28137E42h
add     eax, 0F96ABB2Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0CECBB509h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C5063223h
not     eax
add     eax, 7A506850h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 9033A222h
add     eax, 4BEB8DFBh
xor     eax, 0B2DF1CA3h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 80A1928Ch
xor     eax, 812881C4h
sub     eax, 0CCBDB100h
sub     eax, 8023D744h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 3C93A673h
add     eax, 15EE4EF9h
xor     eax, 0E4565F62h
xor     eax, 0EA8FB09Fh
sub     eax, 74912081h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1AC42570h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A33D7653h
sub     eax, 60650D15h
add     eax, 0CBE19495h
xor     eax, 51B18F00h
xor     eax, 0B53DAE9Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5A4AB7D8h
add     eax, 4DE89B3Eh
xor     eax, 0B68972CEh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 6416B447h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B78816DAh
sub     eax, 0C5509CD5h
add     eax, 0C6C449D0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D0305975h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2A81406Bh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0A474734Eh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 11D73F61h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0F9781713h
sub     eax, 0C0CF6AF9h
sub     eax, 9878E449h
xor     eax, 0B877B26Dh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A6624F1Eh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0A70AD16Ch
sub     eax, 544B9BC5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7583BF7Bh
sub     eax, 63C1BA15h
add     eax, 15BBA35Eh
xor     eax, 0D8E119C9h
add     eax, 0C64278ACh
xor     eax, 0D36A86B9h
xor     eax, 0A6F25E1Eh
xor     eax, 1EE512CCh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0B7601CB2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 89055158h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F2EA74B9h
add     eax, 7F4B65F8h
add     eax, 76672520h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 81A597BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0DD1C1F41h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CB749062h
sub     eax, 9E64C733h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D65F9F1Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 54AA1340h
sub     eax, 0D9FB799Fh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0E12906A9h
sub     eax, 8F257919h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 56DAB2CFh
add     eax, 5814613Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E53C2E17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4790905Eh
add     eax, 95204DE5h
add     eax, 707491A1h
xor     eax, 0F8BCB82Ah
xor     eax, 0E51446FEh
xor     eax, 186DB82Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B0B65333h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 1614E626h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 3285B6A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7588C22Fh
xor     eax, 83870473h
xor     eax, 0B84B4176h
xor     eax, 44046191h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 7BEE67B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 624B74DFh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 84D62274h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 2A832296h
sub     eax, 166D7179h
sub     eax, 0B3BCD2BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AEE4E101h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 58704E6Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EAD8DE57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 293651AEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 70218B80h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DB94C45Eh
xor     eax, 52361DF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 8EC9D384h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EFF09428h
add     eax, 552886AEh
add     eax, 23C8DF06h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EF393D1Fh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0E16A59B9h
sub     eax, 49C5A857h
add     eax, 0D4EECE8Bh
xor     eax, 7B9F41CBh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 3A672E4Dh
sub     eax, 0C36BD40Ah
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0F0C4BC31h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 19B47E75h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 9F5CEE1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E63E152Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AEDD0556h
sub     eax, 715BC172h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 900C0C94h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5A602D71h
add     eax, 0BA83425Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B5697D7h
xor     eax, 0E511D6BCh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0CB459882h
xor     eax, 7787528Dh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 59158E88h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E6506470h
sub     eax, 0E1110562h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 1339B359h
add     eax, 6D8FE015h
xor     eax, 4884DA22h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 5D696EEFh
add     eax, 0A265E966h
add     eax, 0F27176F1h
add     eax, 82BEEF34h
add     eax, 582C993Dh
sub     eax, 0E121B775h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 5765E420h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 1F720484h
add     eax, 0FA1C83BEh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0BBCA3694h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0B5DCC3E7h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B886884Ch
sub     eax, 4AE8390Dh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7CD7B1F9h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0D332D0C8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 20F08260h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0D4F9474Fh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0ED796624h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9CF9BCE4h
xor     eax, 0D6F109CBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0BC9C8397h
add     eax, 0FF01C960h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0D8217297h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 49BE6128h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3C752C6h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A3165B96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B3B14B27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A5231EC8h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 43DE6E00h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B775753Fh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FA4489C8h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F1DE0F6Dh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2FE76218h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E10FEAEEh
add     eax, 6140436Eh
add     eax, 0A35F6FB3h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0A858FD12h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0D0157E2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BA58F0ECh
add     eax, 0F37B69EEh
add     eax, 0E3CF8F7Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 2A6E1D47h
xor     eax, 85EF99A2h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 41D34F68h
xor     eax, 0FFDA2E94h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0F0CD9354h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B330273Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 92D440C1h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 8A93B0B8h
sub     eax, 85FA2CB3h
sub     eax, 88BAE688h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1C3D1913h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0E9B4ABB6h
add     eax, 0DDB74881h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 5CE28B41h
sub     eax, 8E9BDD09h
xor     eax, 0E64C8886h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 85039647h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E021CE1Eh
sub     eax, 7B62C206h
add     eax, 3E336B36h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 75192948h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0A7F2B996h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E407DA7Fh
sub     eax, 0F3FDC6E3h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 4F0D2A51h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A1A6CEFCh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6FD9287Bh
xor     eax, 68965048h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AEDE485Ch
add     eax, 0A4E7DED5h
add     eax, 0C06C649Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 21EC70CBh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 80361AF9h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 9522C5F1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 30C744FEh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0D33B331Eh
xor     eax, 14767441h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 205A0808h
add     eax, 7EED56C7h
xor     eax, 0F14DF192h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 483249CFh
add     eax, 2913A00Ah
add     eax, 9A7C560Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BA3D1554h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 9984D13Eh
sub     eax, 51F7988Fh
add     eax, 0F8A64C34h
add     eax, 0A01986AEh
xor     eax, 3DF4D8B0h
xor     eax, 0D4BA5A28h
add     eax, 0B6F1CE18h
sub     eax, 8241665Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 21A295DFh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 669BE773h
sub     eax, 900F2CB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 1552F20Dh
sub     eax, 0C916FC25h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 69ADED63h
xor     eax, 887E39E1h
xor     eax, 0BDF3D08Ah
xor     eax, 1E809D84h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 237AB9A9h
xor     eax, 0FEDEA1B0h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0D7A6F323h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 2C92221Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 61F033C7h
xor     eax, 408F6AFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3FAC0E8h
xor     eax, 0B304FEB8h
not     eax
add     eax, 45347E2Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FF455F9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E91E33EBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 30C978CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0E6A565BEh
add     eax, 40806E65h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 157F2BE0h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0C9DC9E65h
xor     eax, 2EC6693Dh
sub     eax, 24AAB3B7h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 1B9A3B43h
xor     eax, 3C355466h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0C6778600h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 92120797h
add     eax, 0F196FD66h
xor     eax, 1AFD6988h
xor     eax, 63B98FADh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 373C8466h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C38C7E37h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 1FD8D76Ch
add     eax, 2820A3FAh
sub     eax, 0C6BC1759h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A54302EAh
add     eax, 371352E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EEB56E11h
sub     eax, 0E5277F78h
sub     eax, 6DB995D0h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 53D84497h
xor     eax, 0FB8D43FFh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 1B253EF0h
sub     eax, 95611425h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5052FF79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 20A1CB6Bh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0F2A02B55h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 61853F2Bh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 1439DC69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CBC6D9F7h
xor     eax, 0DCD5B0C4h
sub     eax, 0FEE9A356h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0EC7E08A9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E715BA7Fh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D91B5B4Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 15E45359h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 5F9D1085h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3A6840ABh
not     eax
add     eax, 8CDADAE2h
sub     eax, 0F009D97Bh
add     eax, 587714EDh
sub     eax, 0E2B6A2F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0A9AE8C7Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 3644DDFAh
add     eax, 0FC68B8ABh
sub     eax, 8956F6FAh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 71094862h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3038E2FCh
sub     eax, 0E0225EDBh
sub     eax, 0DD046947h
add     eax, 1D068DF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BF58EA29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 6EC45A7Bh
add     eax, 0FAD9D38Fh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0C3B7CF40h
add     eax, 6CACA19Eh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0EB42BAD4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A1C7C7A8h
xor     eax, 86252974h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F142F0FDh
add     eax, 1D17FF31h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0F834472Dh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E360EF96h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0C21A4465h
not     eax
add     eax, 749E4FADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 69A8DD1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2E8401B5h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 2EFADDE8h
sub     eax, 6AE67F53h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 80A3AB31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9678AF1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0C7E74BA6h
add     eax, 2D2D8409h
add     eax, 2630F7EAh
sub     eax, 8A768F9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 2F50A8F4h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F5C07E1Ah
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A8985E5Dh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0D0C5AF7Ch
add     eax, 3FABF6D3h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0E9A07E4Bh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 732787A5h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 4EFFF341h
add     eax, 3C0978D3h
add     eax, 176E047Bh
xor     eax, 0C614D8E5h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 6A9AFC60h
sub     eax, 0D626AC56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 325305E5h
sub     eax, 7DA7C20Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ECCBDE55h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0EDC449DFh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0D4D3EAA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E5C59B0Bh
add     eax, 49AFE681h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 6A3157E4h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0B25168F3h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D3A2D801h
add     eax, 3D5B5F4Fh
add     eax, 91924478h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C73C13A8h
sub     eax, 0F87D29DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 2E2417ACh
add     eax, 4F01B985h
sub     eax, 0D665343Dh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 46C4420Bh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8240CA67h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0E859C630h
add     eax, 0CBE16539h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 5F571FCCh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 69EE385Dh
sub     eax, 0A0C5761Eh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0C4A6EF1Fh
add     eax, 4B160767h
sub     eax, 5FA86561h
sub     eax, 0D6942E6Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BD7A9A59h
xor     eax, 0E06200F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B410F6DDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0C78F2AFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BAF8D46Dh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0AAC715D3h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0C3C5F64Fh
add     eax, 0F92F4D7Fh
xor     eax, 1F3DD082h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CB56B83Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A8F84343h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0F08FCFDFh
add     eax, 78CFC659h
sub     eax, 7A4AA5D3h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 2AD63380h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5912974Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 3C21A770h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FE802346h
xor     eax, 83DECFA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CF7C8C52h
sub     eax, 129033A5h
xor     eax, 934C6E20h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 99AB43D0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 97C5C3F1h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 6643EF0Ah
add     eax, 58B22CFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9211796Ah
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 8683BE3Ch
xor     eax, 0DEB6BCA3h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 1DB007CEh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 661FD9FBh
xor     eax, 1CA044B4h
xor     eax, 0D48C1E3Fh
xor     eax, 7BDD3394h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0BB56DA0Bh
xor     eax, 0AAD5AB64h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0D6CCEF7Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4E018277h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5A0156B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 21DA73B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD9E9507h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9C464B5Ah
xor     eax, 1FDEC5A9h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 4E7D243Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 74ED3172h
xor     eax, 4B7F449Eh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 61A8487Bh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0DF2055D4h
add     eax, 79B14F06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A3100C08h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 6D7535D7h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 14C2D340h
xor     eax, 0F14A6C0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0EE46968Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4854208Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 1D5E45FBh
xor     eax, 196B4E74h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E413BFDh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0FEE633BCh
add     eax, 2A6BABDDh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 7781EA78h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 958C5596h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 64473564h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0B0FDB92Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0D150B732h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8C15F6D6h
sub     eax, 0EA8F9A70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3748818Eh
xor     eax, 0F7A9C996h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0DAD31ECBh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 59C22C91h
xor     eax, 84C98F99h
xor     eax, 3C5C1CF3h
add     eax, 0A67FE6C0h
xor     eax, 0B86DE0A7h
add     eax, 14E4DE7Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 814C6589h
add     eax, 6E874E34h
add     eax, 0EA7C8C3Ah
xor     eax, 66FAA738h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 97BCE8BCh
add     eax, 0AE20ED05h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 88B2A5CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 490B4346h
add     eax, 0B84B2C20h
add     eax, 87553F73h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 7AFCD822h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BF60989Ah
sub     eax, 0A4FE558Eh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 318B3EA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 4CFD6A97h
sub     eax, 0DA61461Ah
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 87159774h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B46F32B5h
add     eax, 0C0277AD4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 67AB89F3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 990EB97Bh
sub     eax, 0FB3BC5DDh
sub     eax, 3BAE696Dh
add     eax, 9939BB75h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A76CF9ACh
add     eax, 6A0999AFh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 1EB84A27h
add     eax, 2DB26AD4h
add     eax, 308BCDB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D7F23E62h
add     eax, 68DBDB0Bh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 30B3D522h
add     eax, 2AC977D5h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 389668A2h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0BF9BC3F9h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F317DE97h
xor     eax, 27BFF3B3h
xor     eax, 41E83326h
xor     eax, 0A17E0380h
sub     eax, 492CFA9Fh
add     eax, 30C606A5h
sub     eax, 3E7188EDh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 8907F13Eh
sub     eax, 660CD4EFh
sub     eax, 0DA52F00Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0BD727AB5h
sub     eax, 28735628h
add     eax, 0FDD92E3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BB58E3C6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5F7A36B5h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0C15EC376h
add     eax, 0C46C196Eh
sub     eax, 7EA10BDCh
add     eax, 68E61705h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 57DED4CCh
xor     eax, 4FEA53D4h
sub     eax, 77A44060h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 95A5CDCAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 572F5C98h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 9E216A2Ah
xor     eax, 921C9B0Dh
add     eax, 207BC155h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F5BE94CAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 54BE535Bh
add     eax, 0AC52A9C1h
sub     eax, 0DB31E19Bh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0BEFB429Dh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0F73DB1B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4E2CFF97h
xor     eax, 0E75315E1h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 62A81714h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0CA6ECB7Ah
xor     eax, 34B711E0h
xor     eax, 0BFA79A06h
xor     eax, 73164CE4h
add     eax, 2CBDACD8h
xor     eax, 401B7873h
sub     eax, 0CD1ABEB0h
not     eax
add     eax, 2A21839Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 981C80BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BE5671A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A389CB98h
add     eax, 3926BB69h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 68B68042h
sub     eax, 0D1C72F72h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0F9137058h
add     eax, 9724A61Ah
sub     eax, 0DA95DB57h
sub     eax, 9118F744h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E0D4DE01h
add     eax, 4D3EEB34h
xor     eax, 43717C07h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 0A3A895C7h
add     eax, 0A1FB02C6h
add     eax, 307D0481h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0E457F6D9h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 6054A1DAh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 9F665318h
add     eax, 4CF3FA26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 848BAE88h
xor     eax, 14649034h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 5F34BEF4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AC85D765h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F5948FABh
add     eax, 0F96CA842h
add     eax, 0CCC297F2h
sub     eax, 0F2D4A97Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 7932F6C2h
sub     eax, 9998F5D1h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0B048B0EFh
sub     eax, 0FEC6FEE6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 343D2C0Dh
sub     eax, 5C08CD52h
add     eax, 6596A149h
add     eax, 0FFAC088Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AD025A07h
xor     eax, 4B30DBC4h
sub     eax, 0C2D43D5Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 464ABF9Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4E701897h
add     eax, 0EA39049Fh
xor     eax, 0F51E92F4h
xor     eax, 3FBDEF3Dh
xor     eax, 7FF1C11Ch
sub     eax, 0AECBF60Fh
add     eax, 41B4DE32h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0D7D204BEh
sub     eax, 12EE8BEEh
add     eax, 0F2B721C5h
add     eax, 6475D22Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EC66C46Dh
sub     eax, 31513C7Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 3CE571B0h
sub     eax, 911B4FEEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B9406785h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 44984891h
xor     eax, 116222AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 37D3BD4Bh
xor     eax, 3EA8556Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 5C2CDFCBh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 61EDDB1Eh
sub     eax, 67059861h
xor     eax, 0A1402A8Ch
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E6D3B185h
sub     eax, 1EF8E74Fh
xor     eax, 17DB74D3h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9C5C21DFh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 863FE2B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DD0F2DE4h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 43B576FDh
add     eax, 0D2EE8ED2h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0F2E6D9BCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E7E5AE47h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F1C03E94h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0A7A52BB2h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0BD9F357Ah
add     eax, 0D23242B3h
sub     eax, 0A96766F8h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 5046A835h
sub     eax, 66347EF6h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C5500A85h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0E148C4B9h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AC5C599Bh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 11951EE2h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0E4B6B362h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0D69BE19Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 76EDE311h
sub     eax, 0F779DBCDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0C56F03D7h
sub     eax, 44B67724h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0B964F0ECh
sub     eax, 0F9B2B15Fh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 50D40BA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 7AA9608Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 936F9A4Ah
xor     eax, 1E13ABBFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BCF84729h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 2F31C828h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0B9FB065Ch
sub     eax, 6070489Ah
xor     eax, 0DFBA1886h
xor     eax, 959CEB45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9933A8ADh
xor     eax, 31935320h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E426EA52h
sub     eax, 307D8F01h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0F7FB3C8Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7613AF4Eh
xor     eax, 5D649FCCh
add     eax, 6060228Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0F1D8B30Dh
xor     eax, 50E30F36h
add     eax, 8AB44F31h
sub     eax, 49F22D5Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EE499127h
not     eax
add     eax, 55B06985h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 26FC7857h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 69529E2Dh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DB5CA2D5h
add     eax, 90AF903Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 5646B131h
xor     eax, 3DCA255Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C90D9446h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3D7DD9A9h
add     eax, 0C90705C0h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 66E68138h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CCEAF4ECh
xor     eax, 0C1B95B48h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0CB2F75C3h
add     eax, 0B6F71340h
add     eax, 0BABE8480h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 533D9E13h
add     eax, 0FCEF37A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 60D4B300h
sub     eax, 5255661Bh
add     eax, 52888954h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E30E1A2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EEA3B43Ah
xor     eax, 0D2E3DF79h
xor     eax, 1459A6BAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C4BEEF1Ah
sub     eax, 8DC11861h
sub     eax, 306BAFC2h
xor     eax, 0E1668479h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4A051CA4h
add     eax, 0D77497D4h
add     eax, 0AF684E1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 401EB43Bh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 8584153Eh
sub     eax, 95DD6FDBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EB49C789h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 9A019A68h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A953C596h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A1751156h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 5B3D3542h
sub     eax, 86F25657h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0C63BCB7Dh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 9EAAA6FDh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 6BFA69F9h
xor     eax, 0DAD82D1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FF4AD279h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 5CDDBA9Fh
add     eax, 54B8E605h
add     eax, 0B349F8F5h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0D2A7B60Ch
sub     eax, 8E63A2D3h
xor     eax, 1521522Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6B78670Ch
sub     eax, 141FFBEBh
xor     eax, 89C995B1h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 8DB75C8Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DA549A94h
sub     eax, 0A41281CEh
xor     eax, 7F1FC4EBh
xor     eax, 71E8FD44h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0D7EE45BAh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E4CE97D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0B97AA0C5h
add     eax, 0DE2AAF07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 30634AA3h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 29A2F44Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E9FF29C2h
xor     eax, 51C3CAB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 69FD4DA9h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0F4A1DCA7h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 2B438501h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 13049CE0h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 69DE9A43h
xor     eax, 93176C15h
add     eax, 47F2A652h
add     eax, 0F2E1C4D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F4D0D742h
add     eax, 0F7752392h
sub     eax, 8A6E59B1h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BC77A907h
xor     eax, 1693C18Eh
sub     eax, 83230552h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EA307B5Ah
xor     eax, 3311A0BDh
sub     eax, 0DFDF3431h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 4545051Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 98884EF6h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0D9C31D6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C87F26F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A7E060Eh
xor     eax, 0A60162A2h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0F1A3AC83h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0DC1739C3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 4E59F1DEh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0B90BB9ABh
sub     eax, 0AC2DE4F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 428BF968h
add     eax, 586609ABh
sub     eax, 557B40D7h
sub     eax, 5AE18AA8h
xor     eax, 0B51EA40Ch
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 565E3036h
not     eax
sub     eax, 57E257ABh
xor     eax, 91EBCEF8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E0CD9AFCh
xor     eax, 1598865Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 264DC200h
xor     eax, 0EDFC19DDh
xor     eax, 4255D439h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 24937114h
add     eax, 0A2E39CC0h
xor     eax, 0D4690A49h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 634086DFh
add     eax, 18BEE06Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2ED0B6DBh
sub     eax, 0F90396FCh
not     eax
add     eax, 361F2A8Ah
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0A6FB51F5h
sub     eax, 314FF513h
not     eax
add     eax, 63096F5Ch
add     eax, 0FB02572Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E00722EBh
add     eax, 244B50E7h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0FF271F30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0A591137Dh
add     eax, 9B03E4B7h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 4C2DA023h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AAD55AC7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B171AFC6h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 32126F6Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 1A1EF94Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 891FB1F7h
xor     eax, 70B9F159h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 1F3357C3h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 56E46F8Dh
xor     eax, 62C4F1E9h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F3EEDC28h
sub     eax, 522D741Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A39A70C3h
not     eax
add     eax, 419E29E6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DEE7DB61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E72EFD42h
xor     eax, 611471F3h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5FC1EBF3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0CBB21A1Fh
add     eax, 4B86A484h
add     eax, 0AD2B5E1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 88CA4D3Bh
xor     eax, 6B074B4Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7EC7EB02h
xor     eax, 2EDFF3E3h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 72D8276Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 979A8D84h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 76572123h
xor     eax, 35EB3BE8h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0C2FD3296h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 1A233D77h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0DFB0F033h
add     eax, 0C5C4EAFCh
xor     eax, 0CAB5D71Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 557B2424h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E4982A9Bh
xor     eax, 9571AACCh
add     eax, 2F7F1C2Eh
add     eax, 0EDCA75C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5BB5D3DBh
xor     eax, 0C0480356h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0A9C9D181h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 90494AB9h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 37065D68h
xor     eax, 23E75FA9h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 63830A24h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6DD619E1h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0FF6B432Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F451C277h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0BE4A0D74h
add     eax, 0A4014EDAh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 5A5BDAA3h
sub     eax, 899D6510h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 113ABA49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 94F20179h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 12D4F0ABh
sub     eax, 0EA6EE050h
xor     eax, 96D7F9B5h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 899E0608h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 733E7F40h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 2809FD93h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 32ECD1DCh
xor     eax, 0DDE2E007h
xor     eax, 0A60EE242h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 32781772h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 81059D4Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D5409979h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B3C995EEh
sub     eax, 98D40CB2h
add     eax, 52916264h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0C5B31C2Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A7EF2891h
xor     eax, 6C3C1128h
add     eax, 93494048h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7401E29Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7E971682h
sub     eax, 4F1559EAh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 7D781572h
add     eax, 4FCF79C2h
add     eax, 0ABCC7D20h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 59E8C068h
sub     eax, 0EEA3DEE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0F396E971h
add     eax, 7AF6F4A6h
not     eax
add     eax, 178DED28h
sub     eax, 0E565FBBBh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0F26ABC45h
xor     eax, 9D55A148h
add     eax, 6CB190E6h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0C204CE95h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 94119071h
add     eax, 0C47F6F78h
xor     eax, 0B857E9B3h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3D3D4E48h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0A767E2D6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 237B8B78h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0CBC8CC1Dh
xor     eax, 0E61FF3ABh
xor     eax, 6B7583BDh
add     eax, 9FD7FBB3h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0CA57C6EAh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 349E58E2h
sub     eax, 0F4885299h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 323605A9h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0B8EFB4F3h
sub     eax, 8D78048Ah
sub     eax, 7558CA64h
add     eax, 0E9CC7C24h
add     eax, 12A8DD06h
xor     eax, 0CCD00E31h
add     eax, 4F4D9F7Fh
add     eax, 0A8419195h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 51DC9A59h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2728AA6Bh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 9568104Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E49DAF87h
xor     eax, 152725F4h
sub     eax, 0B8F8CABBh
xor     eax, 0A12F59E9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 20EE74B8h
xor     eax, 0E89A1C22h
add     eax, 554C8621h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 9AC81481h
sub     eax, 507C5063h
xor     eax, 5F63E612h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 91A41BE7h
add     eax, 0F825571Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 4029F89Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 971761C4h
add     eax, 3F5E3F56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0A0B7C6F9h
xor     eax, 64E57923h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E5410D40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F34C42C7h
xor     eax, 2DE2F161h
xor     eax, 8CE8CE89h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B4DFB1A7h
add     eax, 470B9CA8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 4C366E6Bh
xor     eax, 33CB5B16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B25B8ED1h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5F52FCA9h
add     eax, 8FDA6DA4h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 1D6EE39Ah
add     eax, 0F1B72BFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 81117B6Bh
add     eax, 255CE133h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0BCEF7463h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 377F265Ah
add     eax, 0DD1B8C7Bh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0BD91F0A1h
sub     eax, 3F6CC862h
sub     eax, 0D997E9E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0FD5BAA1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9467C042h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 99727919h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 407644FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6F7A9B59h
xor     eax, 0D97B6DA9h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FE701073h
xor     eax, 707658DDh
add     eax, 0C20AC991h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0DBB7DFAAh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 1083D3BBh
xor     eax, 14DA5DCDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FBDA766Eh
sub     eax, 6A75D581h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 8F186201h
xor     eax, 0F3152676h
add     eax, 5B118980h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F0267DFCh
sub     eax, 24CEB3F1h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 53062186h
add     eax, 0CCCED22Bh
add     eax, 9A1B8138h
sub     eax, 849660C7h
add     eax, 0C9D15074h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 107E13D8h
xor     eax, 0A5F5B83Bh
sub     eax, 7E4599CFh
sub     eax, 86B3EB15h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0D4849DAAh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 67191C38h
add     eax, 71E512BCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3FA4FA26h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 6C5D41D3h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 268588BAh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0CA21666Ch
add     eax, 3931F4F8h
add     eax, 15DD93BAh
sub     eax, 0B5E07892h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 51A41F34h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9447807Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A2EB8F3Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 500203FEh
sub     eax, 94787B65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AA682770h
add     eax, 0F39E898Ah
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 12ABC0D5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 48794E26h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0B6652E90h
add     eax, 3BCAF053h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EC80A7BBh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 9F718C29h
add     eax, 945DBFDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6455CB2Fh
xor     eax, 0E33A7DBEh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FE55FD5Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0BD2F774Bh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0E0A1DE04h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B0809F45h
not     eax
add     eax, 2A156F90h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 738D9466h
xor     eax, 64C8CE73h
sub     eax, 98A14A59h
add     eax, 6216C2E9h
xor     eax, 616D08B1h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 7F1BF4C6h
add     eax, 56A41A7Dh
add     eax, 0A82F6408h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CF6D33B3h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0F0F287F7h
xor     eax, 0CDFA2844h
add     eax, 3FAEC27Dh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C539446Dh
xor     eax, 0E9D430F3h
add     eax, 0FDDD3039h
sub     eax, 9745CB1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 6CCBF088h
sub     eax, 3B8B806Ah
sub     eax, 5F84F62Fh
sub     eax, 0A3D95507h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 31A47A4Ah
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 7F6A80CAh
add     eax, 3CBDEE46h
add     eax, 1A8A16E4h
sub     eax, 77E971D4h
xor     eax, 0E91C511Eh
add     eax, 8307C842h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 8BBEA6D4h
xor     eax, 2402CC55h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1AC17342h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0A102AE36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 73B5781Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 5D86DF24h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9C88E0A5h
sub     eax, 45C58EB1h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0BF3345DEh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 31E3C423h
xor     eax, 0F6F16A37h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D2A65D53h
not     eax
sub     eax, 785C1583h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 91914044h
add     eax, 33FE55A7h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 68C1ACDEh
sub     eax, 1F0BD482h
xor     eax, 3E3A1E6Fh
add     eax, 14400FFFh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1DC1DF08h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DE5CE7CAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A525ED3h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 75640890h
add     eax, 47E03F5Ah
xor     eax, 22A8F58Eh
sub     eax, 0D62E6783h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 52233D04h
sub     eax, 0F086B170h
sub     eax, 0C37CCBD4h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0BE429452h
add     eax, 429E68C5h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 84BEDE5Ah
sub     eax, 0FD2DC23Dh
sub     eax, 0AB277CC9h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3529DCF4h
sub     eax, 261EBD9Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 103C508Bh
sub     eax, 401B6709h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 33680F9Ch
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 1E134B5Dh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 57AB83CCh
sub     eax, 0EA75844Bh
xor     eax, 0B1A88ED3h
sub     eax, 8F33BC45h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 79CF9CCDh
xor     eax, 0DB68583Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0E9F33DE8h
xor     eax, 64EAB419h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 5D5B0378h
xor     eax, 0A12FFC40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 38DAFD34h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0FFF7034Ah
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 1F0846D3h
add     eax, 5CB295C4h
sub     eax, 0E2D38D6Eh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0C9B078FFh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8778FA46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2EE67E06h
add     eax, 0CE3DC0AFh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D61BC8C7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 15AAB0A5h
xor     eax, 0FFF1F708h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 5188D297h
add     eax, 8C0AACD8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 318A3FF0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DFCB047Ch
add     eax, 39A781ECh
xor     eax, 0C4503E2Ch
xor     eax, 1A179F6Ch
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0C2DC6244h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 7666CED5h
not     eax
add     eax, 283CD288h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 79D2403Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0CD4F003Dh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 341E4898h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3DF30E60h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0D671561Eh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0E369E1AEh
add     eax, 0F7B0A6CEh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 68E1D3D8h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7FE54EE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6FAE09AEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9BBF4BAFh
xor     eax, 0F01482C2h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 25239833h
add     eax, 26A1AA3Ah
xor     eax, 0CCD058B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 60B6E22Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0B0A2EF1Eh
add     eax, 0DBD655C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 709E7C3Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1548A30Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0DB0A1AACh
sub     eax, 9F46947Ah
xor     eax, 9A99BF44h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6F991A56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 86CE625Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 36ED84A8h
xor     eax, 0B74D7D7Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 7B4DF18Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FD888FE2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8F0EF81Ah
sub     eax, 3F693E0Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 49833857h
sub     eax, 5CF51DC7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 65594B3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A837D63Eh
add     eax, 9931FCAAh
sub     eax, 0DA716EBEh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 377E5DCEh
sub     eax, 7E9BF44Ah
xor     eax, 162D92ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D219A6A6h
sub     eax, 0B95671D2h
sub     eax, 0CC601830h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 97447CB9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4FBCA5B4h
add     eax, 0A27DC651h
add     eax, 386B0902h
xor     eax, 13DC9C00h
xor     eax, 0CE4E0B9Eh
xor     eax, 6AADAF93h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 88D20456h
xor     eax, 0FD39F631h
sub     eax, 0CFC04D15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2EBA6829h
sub     eax, 86303C8Ch
xor     eax, 0C209B4E4h
xor     eax, 81826CFCh
add     eax, 131DA3EEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CC1B1DD2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 92FBA6F0h
sub     eax, 0C5746A8Ch
sub     eax, 29EB73D9h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0AB28AD9Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 7E62543Fh
xor     eax, 60BA0250h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A8FA9D09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F4FD18FDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 723DA825h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A56FF002h
sub     eax, 0E20DCA57h
sub     eax, 0D64E4820h
add     eax, 0D929FF82h
sub     eax, 3D3C0501h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0FFF43D7Dh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 928B40B8h
add     eax, 95B40BF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E293A60h
sub     eax, 0D2BE6AC7h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 81634E9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1BB87DB7h
add     eax, 5F3FE217h
not     eax
sub     eax, 13B8798Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0A0B37B01h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0DB09387Ch
add     eax, 5AB66FBDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 15471CAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B32A2B0Fh
sub     eax, 0D320757Bh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 92CAF28Dh
xor     eax, 0FF208588h
xor     eax, 8FE8EC5Ch
add     eax, 0DDA6C40Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7FB9779Eh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0A5D709C2h
not     eax
add     eax, 72C0D827h
sub     eax, 0B52E0286h
xor     eax, 0B80FEB39h
xor     eax, 0FE0DB05Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 979202A0h
xor     eax, 478F025Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 1576C875h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EDC596BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DF34E637h
sub     eax, 11DA5A2Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 11F7E6CCh
add     eax, 523414DEh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 9625F35Fh
add     eax, 0D63496C2h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 74DACD1Bh
add     eax, 6779F9D7h
add     eax, 0E07CEA20h
xor     eax, 0AE14F419h
add     eax, 0F62E0DF6h
sub     eax, 82257D6Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 2D82FC69h
add     eax, 0DE15DC32h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 74C8CB1Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 823721BAh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 162F722Bh
add     eax, 0CB6F86F7h
sub     eax, 3DC33D1Bh
xor     eax, 8A01AE6Ch
add     eax, 803B95E0h
add     eax, 0F6F9DFE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DB4BB716h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 356959C5h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 519F6195h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0D50716CEh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 12A60B08h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3C74DE94h
add     eax, 0A6146CAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 43485114h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A8679328h
xor     eax, 0AEB4C569h
xor     eax, 32975DD9h
add     eax, 151099B5h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 3D6F33FBh
sub     eax, 327D868Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DB243DA4h
xor     eax, 0E09B55D9h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B56A2EADh
sub     eax, 9A67DBA4h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0A7D46B37h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A91AC12Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9800F723h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 42B3602Fh
xor     eax, 1E9011DFh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 2540D015h
xor     eax, 9C798FE0h
sub     eax, 0F0D7B890h
xor     eax, 608FA456h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D8B65402h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B34A37B1h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 3753A714h
add     eax, 247D6A55h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 52E656E2h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C6D891AFh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0B0B95785h
add     eax, 241AEDD0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D6139BA1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A8B8B729h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0CBF23C1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0A2D30E15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D54F05CDh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0DC336C39h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16AF2E7Ah
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 573E528Fh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 7DD59CA1h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 95D0ED4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AB1810C7h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 1816711Dh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0C9E140FCh
add     eax, 0DB09496Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 17CF63A0h
add     eax, 0E44131EDh
sub     eax, 0DACEB2F3h
xor     eax, 2FE2C001h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 6F52B125h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 37796CDCh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0F04EB1ECh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 6092ABFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 198374A7h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 1BA23E1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 49BA3452h
sub     eax, 6C889E66h
add     eax, 6CA8EEA4h
sub     eax, 0AB5F9DA2h
sub     eax, 0E91A185Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 4D46CE2Bh
xor     eax, 6F3EA229h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 6C13B9D2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BE3E0DE9h
sub     eax, 9923D142h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD6E53DFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C9A3C02Ch
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 3030D4DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 87C5581Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BCBBC4FBh
add     eax, 5F9F461Ch
add     eax, 7E45A81Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 13CC3F24h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 734C012Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 19811E1Ch
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0E0457F85h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0E10F2113h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0B1A04EB9h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0B1FDC7AAh
sub     eax, 915E1FFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EBDEC73Eh
xor     eax, 3332403Dh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 294CA364h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 53507E6Dh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0F10850FDh
sub     eax, 0D95A4E34h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0CE3A6DF0h
xor     eax, 86FAAEBDh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0DA6023D8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 17E2EA18h
add     eax, 36D6E442h
xor     eax, 0A75956C4h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B1D90D38h
sub     eax, 0F6CE7774h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A8576E95h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0AAF90431h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0DEBCB0C5h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A6CCC201h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 423EA95Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 61312F82h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0B4262FBBh
xor     eax, 4923A0D8h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0C58375F0h
xor     eax, 0B22B09C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BCDE33CAh
add     eax, 0E6237259h
add     eax, 78286062h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0DF800211h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 940DB057h
sub     eax, 3F2D2292h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1A4F5D68h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F473D693h
xor     eax, 8973D096h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9A1BF2BDh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0BB50C7F4h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 5479155Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B5AB511Ah
xor     eax, 77593655h
add     eax, 154FAB61h
add     eax, 67505E51h
sub     eax, 71CAF74Ch
add     eax, 65BAB2C2h
xor     eax, 1D4A2D7Ah
sub     eax, 414CCFF6h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 1CB6EB48h
xor     eax, 8D5C4482h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 96ED7C82h
add     eax, 5F58B0A8h
add     eax, 57635D2Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 451BC5D4h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0A6265DF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 79B6C60Bh
xor     eax, 35CA06D2h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 24C24C8Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E4161887h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 494A506Eh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 22D33E73h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0C3FA23B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B1FF9085h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 108F00F9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2BF272D6h
sub     eax, 0FB6C1722h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DFDA60F0h
add     eax, 3A2D060Bh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0CB818AB3h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 4749A124h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0CD2AF4E2h
sub     eax, 0DD64AE6Dh
sub     eax, 0A07E372Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5E4C28D9h
sub     eax, 31CB21D7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E7949FA9h
xor     eax, 0A0996EEFh
sub     eax, 133C788Fh
xor     eax, 28066B3Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 38C639EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 2D427335h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FABDEBFCh
add     eax, 55BCCA38h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B1698216h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3DA5CDF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 55370452h
xor     eax, 0E3578A9Bh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 74B9B6E9h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BB9EDABBh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0A0011042h
add     eax, 6D521474h
xor     eax, 0B2E3CCEDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B5AA5875h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 33EA672Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 5941A26Ah
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0E7F695B6h
not     eax
add     eax, 2454670Ah
xor     eax, 1BDC1F14h
xor     eax, 0A977C3AAh
add     eax, 0A005D995h
sub     eax, 84E75B35h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 9B438232h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 817CDE70h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C06A54BBh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 6189370Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BC49B844h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 6B1BCFFCh
add     eax, 0BD82D931h
sub     eax, 5B2307FDh
xor     eax, 16A028DFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C3106FC1h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 94C5232Dh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 7CB5AA3Dh
sub     eax, 8855B9FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4CEFE365h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C4AA4D5h
xor     eax, 2C7D4409h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C7965867h
add     eax, 9FF1BA4Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C43A56ACh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 1E022E72h
xor     eax, 1BA4FFB2h
add     eax, 0AF52C955h
add     eax, 0E8B8A356h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B400BAE3h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 63A6F12Bh
sub     eax, 554D7271h
not     eax
sub     eax, 24AF123Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0EBA250D8h
xor     eax, 0AA1D5896h
not     eax
add     eax, 3333BE3Fh
add     eax, 0F7159001h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0BF84CF61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7BAE048Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 254554BDh
sub     eax, 1037375Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0A5288C2Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 4F5DC1AFh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 35DE659Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 2359899Ch
xor     eax, 0EA9DEFC9h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 584E3C3Bh
xor     eax, 0F30EE924h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C991E553h
add     eax, 0BEA2AF0Ah
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0F1F5C2C7h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0C5D836A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 97C8A0DCh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0D3749A73h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 5628999Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F3029AFCh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 9229AF0Fh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0A3141EACh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AB94E238h
add     eax, 0D029813Bh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16BF3E11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 76A1B04Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0CACC8F1Ch
sub     eax, 6A4510E4h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8E4DC74Fh
xor     eax, 3983D772h
not     eax
xor     eax, 74A469EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 1AF5F5AFh
xor     eax, 1989F8B4h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F695CDFEh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0A47D78B7h
xor     eax, 0B80BB5EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 3145B53Dh
sub     eax, 2F78CE98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 900C263Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 32342F38h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0D1146F5Eh
sub     eax, 951C7B94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4E97AB38h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E8499D29h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 367EB70Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 781FD733h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0DA6FB0C2h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 751B04E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B6B8C2C5h
add     eax, 1A99E473h
add     eax, 39166CD4h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0ECEAABECh
sub     eax, 0BE92FD41h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 36BAF7AEh
sub     eax, 488C66EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B139004Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EF022FB6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7659F24h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9E47E817h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EE83E330h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 1D77F93Fh
add     eax, 69FB608Ch
xor     eax, 83E07DA3h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 7C947226h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3C740751h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 307D99BAh
xor     eax, 11CA17CBh
add     eax, 0D81CBD2Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 985E287Eh
add     eax, 20C32F0Dh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0EDDE605Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 263CCDA1h
xor     eax, 2A51DE7Ah
sub     eax, 0EDF23CCCh
sub     eax, 0FF9B16E2h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A377DC44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 88CC94EAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B7D16106h
xor     eax, 0F8344F3Ch
sub     eax, 122643DFh
sub     eax, 28F7EEBCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 3A97E6EFh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9DEF1FEDh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 50003515h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 510C449Dh
sub     eax, 4C0AAA50h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0C93D6AD6h
xor     eax, 0B94D70E0h
xor     eax, 0F4BB0A34h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1479D6F7h
xor     eax, 6D985240h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F84AE8D5h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1256536Dh
xor     eax, 0B742F8BEh
sub     eax, 0FE7EB692h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2EAB7EBAh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7A44CB62h
add     eax, 8D01FEE6h
xor     eax, 3FEC3222h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 62F221DCh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0CB21D947h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 773FF29Ch
sub     eax, 0BD2278A3h
sub     eax, 0DAEDA4B1h
add     eax, 7724DB65h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0C3EC380Eh
sub     eax, 0FC8A4223h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0B6F2EE20h
xor     eax, 0E8D960DBh
add     eax, 9F994F4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 53851657h
sub     eax, 4A9600B4h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 5C32E322h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0FFF3751Dh
xor     eax, 1DA337B5h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 64A949D9h
add     eax, 0E63FFE6Ch
sub     eax, 90A368B0h
sub     eax, 0DAD57C23h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A9347A2Bh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 22309FE7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CC08CD84h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1AA2C90Fh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 9F51F32Bh
xor     eax, 2C8384ACh
add     eax, 98A6AFA1h
add     eax, 502A2F31h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0BF2349DAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7723F7F8h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 1CDEEBD6h
sub     eax, 7895CBBBh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0FF76E11Ch
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 1DE76FD7h
xor     eax, 0E8418B3Fh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 709F1F50h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CCA219ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 36B32BA3h
add     eax, 75A25D82h
xor     eax, 0F8C35171h
sub     eax, 0A792AD7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5F6BE538h
sub     eax, 45435BF5h
xor     eax, 3FD16676h
sub     eax, 1CE4456Ch
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 48F7352Ah
add     eax, 0A6646251h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 533F7751h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 69A6B684h
xor     eax, 0CCCB1AE3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 6C64BA9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 6F26E0A1h
xor     eax, 874FE3DAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0F7FBD83Ah
sub     eax, 0C595BF11h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 7E8EA7E3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 44302A76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 9DEDF9A3h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 3860FAB3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F648B8E8h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 8DA8F49Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 9547AD37h
xor     eax, 354532C2h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 970C1EABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 112097F1h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0AC8967E5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0BCD625A5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C77235C1h
sub     eax, 0FE647400h
not     eax
add     eax, 86FC59CDh
sub     eax, 0A42714F1h
sub     eax, 98DA1690h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 4D4F10C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4C1BA480h
xor     eax, 0A4E44EC5h
add     eax, 68AC5023h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E77B5BDDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C60B4192h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3E8A1FA2h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0A8634CF6h
sub     eax, 5539D28Dh
add     eax, 9E72B5F0h
add     eax, 0C07E46B3h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 203F7188h
add     eax, 39695F1Ch
sub     eax, 62669FFBh
add     eax, 0D62DD972h
add     eax, 65775419h
xor     eax, 0F0440C13h
sub     eax, 0AFA51DE0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5C07122Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0B851D758h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 6EDAFCDFh
add     eax, 0E4669248h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 1D8212FDh
sub     eax, 0C28B3422h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A9CE5037h
sub     eax, 91EBA239h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 44E57AB9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 34863595h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 569F533Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 820E3DC8h
sub     eax, 0D1004AEDh
add     eax, 0CAD78F65h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 28F47841h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0F1863E74h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2F76772Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 4A1B6AD2h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0A75A4E36h
sub     eax, 2DAF9BD9h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0AD3F6B78h
add     eax, 9AEEC4C7h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0D3634BEEh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8BF66443h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AEDA2C0Ah
sub     eax, 92BF80FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0CAE25A37h
xor     eax, 0D618ADF3h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 5FD167B1h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 85479A90h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 706D2416h
add     eax, 933A2D7Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 24157D20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 54D3A5DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0B1CF240Bh
sub     eax, 0EF6F85D8h
sub     eax, 8D4C869Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 32BA1D1Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 9E6FE101h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0CF13A9C5h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0A718A9D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0F87C53FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 50F6A989h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 680833E3h
add     eax, 0E1C46F2Ah
sub     eax, 0F66753B9h
sub     eax, 1995BF7Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F4FE1902h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 7A3479E9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 9DF7DACEh
sub     eax, 0D0BBC9FBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8E555248h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EFE87798h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 5AF8B36Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 708E2EAEh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A3270D51h
xor     eax, 0CA640F14h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 574507E6h
sub     eax, 1DD1CF3Eh
sub     eax, 7707C7F3h
sub     eax, 0F1228F76h
not     eax
sub     eax, 71512C31h
sub     eax, 84435BCDh
xor     eax, 4CF38310h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F1B20BC8h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 52D394EBh
xor     eax, 0CD8F3118h
add     eax, 1534CEFDh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 6283B5CCh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 71A544D7h
add     eax, 7EFF6C38h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 806F3357h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 6ABB9977h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D6243370h
add     eax, 0A7DD9E19h
xor     eax, 2D1AC491h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0CF307E4Fh
sub     eax, 0A01252A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 22FF7AFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0C1FEB691h
add     eax, 0B0FB4086h
add     eax, 0B3287980h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0BE7FBFB2h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0D31B9C9Eh
xor     eax, 94BF049Dh
sub     eax, 0D39A3CA8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0BE69D313h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 1CB92812h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8EF6B3C1h
sub     eax, 72B7E1E6h
add     eax, 0CF499C71h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 9EA3C60Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0AD66A436h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0D44D6940h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F3E1FD85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6F6F00B6h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EA8A363Eh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0FF72DDC5h
sub     eax, 8D840048h
add     eax, 19B5FC2Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 7A69CAD7h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0DFCF65FCh
add     eax, 368075C2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 72DBD180h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0F92ED2E1h
sub     eax, 9035566Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 46C76927h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E6266313h
xor     eax, 4B5F54C5h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 7C4981FCh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 257761C3h
add     eax, 97BCD0C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 893C70CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0E826AF3Bh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 899CDC8Dh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0EDF29317h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5E65493Ah
add     eax, 25594FC9h
add     eax, 0A63A5F16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B7FF5B7Fh
sub     eax, 383A8785h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0CDF5E1E2h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0D7D77C99h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 2A50B35Eh
xor     eax, 0FAF6297Ch
xor     eax, 3C0750E3h
add     eax, 43DEB11Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 1DF02A70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 9F2F48ADh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0FFBED87Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0A21B94D1h
add     eax, 0EA5EEA3Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 1F5DC4B9h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 87CABA21h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3021B1E8h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3AE987EAh
add     eax, 5C03B8B5h
add     eax, 81402440h
sub     eax, 508E2317h
sub     eax, 6930797Fh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 1AEC9390h
add     eax, 0ADCDE07Ch
sub     eax, 4F0BA22Ah
sub     eax, 29F3D99Dh
sub     eax, 7EBE8EA8h
xor     eax, 0D6A7F058h
not     eax
add     eax, 793C11A9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0A5214308h
xor     eax, 0EE52FA0Ah
sub     eax, 0FED120BAh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7513A745h
xor     eax, 99E00726h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4EBD7C78h
xor     eax, 0CE527581h
xor     eax, 994E3C07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FF8BBDBAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 5466807Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 97417799h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 2717156Bh
xor     eax, 0F1313DA2h
xor     eax, 0C8A08492h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0B61ADFCFh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0C00A822Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C8898A74h
add     eax, 3415D075h
add     eax, 9CB4FFF7h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C405D9BEh
xor     eax, 0F6AFDF67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3F15A382h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B580DC12h
add     eax, 0EF8DC348h
xor     eax, 85C9610Eh
xor     eax, 834F78BDh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0BFE72760h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 5140C846h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0ED8A8C3Eh
xor     eax, 5C1A7324h
xor     eax, 83D9E763h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8FCB90C2h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 436FDE07h
sub     eax, 283593ACh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 2AA2EBA8h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3B24173Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 4BA5468Dh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 607E93F6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BDC20E98h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 9FC04451h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 54DBF1D0h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0EAF3B1F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D8D8454Ah
sub     eax, 0FBD62CD5h
add     eax, 0EA903011h
add     eax, 0EEAF018Bh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 1D179AFFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ACF89A4Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0EA258346h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5FD74D84h
add     eax, 0D82EA61Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 7A9E3458h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0B6E90123h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 246CD76Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 2ACDA4F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 63FAC8D3h
sub     eax, 98978457h
sub     eax, 447D8A5Ah
xor     eax, 0F3C3F590h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2BC776ADh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 895096ACh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 1628DFF8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9FA3E6D8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ECD748C0h
add     eax, 0F5975B5Fh
xor     eax, 554D6FDEh
add     eax, 606DB9B8h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 8C34E014h
add     eax, 156540D1h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7F9E4141h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C9EE5740h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0DE465A8Dh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1FC23474h
sub     eax, 1712BE79h
sub     eax, 0D8D29921h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0AC63302Ch
xor     eax, 3E1076F1h
xor     eax, 0CC33848Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 4B92BC57h
add     eax, 3A307587h
xor     eax, 0FF4ABA6Ch
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 106B91A1h
add     eax, 8799DC14h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 9ADECA40h
xor     eax, 19A3212Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F369D3FEh
not     eax
add     eax, 5DBD1E1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0A184979Bh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 64847B02h
sub     eax, 0F5C4F0D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CBCDF091h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 866EC685h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 375E3E58h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0D6A63419h
sub     eax, 0CDAC4005h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D5E1B17Ch
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 55A4ED3Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 78EF828Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A354DF27h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 571D1500h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 53568B90h
xor     eax, 1032BA4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 56DA9105h
sub     eax, 1886B5BEh
xor     eax, 22052047h
sub     eax, 8008A3CBh
xor     eax, 51CA1669h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 5C740DD3h
xor     eax, 0CBBD964Fh
add     eax, 54B6FD75h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BD23BA98h
xor     eax, 78D74D31h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D052EB3Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 83696B76h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 719F2DDEh
sub     eax, 42D8F715h
add     eax, 1FE9A606h
add     eax, 51F8290Dh
sub     eax, 9C2DA25Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6D9454F4h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 3A403A9Eh
sub     eax, 1D17866Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0F391A5EEh
add     eax, 0F3E22222h
xor     eax, 83C3F7B4h
add     eax, 91F78703h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 64C6AD74h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0E4D4781Ch
xor     eax, 27478A52h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0D2836D72h
add     eax, 0FEC40648h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 721EC8E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 27D4C0D4h
add     eax, 7CD062EBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AE52AFA6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 261ED551h
sub     eax, 86317B0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B61FFFF3h
xor     eax, 0F962F6F4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 26EB8948h
sub     eax, 4C012137h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0CDBFE41Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 36122A0Dh
add     eax, 0E83AABF5h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0B9EB8ED4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0AC8F8881h
add     eax, 0A874FE3Dh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 4D4E3F87h
add     eax, 0BC0DB5AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0CC414518h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 4E7C539Fh
xor     eax, 0C127D433h
add     eax, 8C44E542h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0D5568F7Bh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 93E4757Eh
xor     eax, 36612A95h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 62D93DF3h
xor     eax, 77947504h
sub     eax, 0E8A69D8Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3078A4EDh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 1931D6A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 207EC567h
xor     eax, 9686A8C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 7F6A96B2h
xor     eax, 0CDEC8531h
add     eax, 0A8A51519h
sub     eax, 0F0158B8Eh
sub     eax, 3308E1F0h
xor     eax, 0F79CFC12h
xor     eax, 0A3FB195Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 788162E0h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 425661CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B193307Ch
xor     eax, 703D74B9h
xor     eax, 0ACF46781h
xor     eax, 0E3379120h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A2896171h
sub     eax, 0CE7CA89Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 77D153CDh
add     eax, 9D7F50AEh
xor     eax, 0EAE2E79Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 53D6A408h
sub     eax, 0ACE869DEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 7087652Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 33EC49D3h
xor     eax, 8130E20Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 7E81751Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0ABEC5512h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0D3C77CEEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 90ABE802h
xor     eax, 3383509Ah
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 303F64EFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0D8447597h
sub     eax, 49A712A3h
xor     eax, 7927F1B9h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 698368DCh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0D9A2926Fh
sub     eax, 815F29A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 1CB7CF38h
not     eax
add     eax, 4FA15D58h
not     eax
add     eax, 771A3340h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0F070AA83h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5C93AF19h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 2479BCC7h
xor     eax, 0D9B2552Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 99F0A84Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0A698A02Ch
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0DE0BCF97h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0F72A72B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0AB208BDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 606ABA25h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1A76DA71h
add     eax, 12422777h
sub     eax, 6685E585h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AE52F435h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0D0ED2F48h
add     eax, 2350CE49h
add     eax, 0B70A8C72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 5B35D4FDh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0DBE52873h
not     eax
add     eax, 556160EDh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F60642C8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 14D0AFA2h
add     eax, 5136D4D5h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0A887D27Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0C627D848h
sub     eax, 0BEB70578h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 3F244978h
sub     eax, 0A6EDE7F4h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 7FB67EBFh
xor     eax, 42ABC7B6h
add     eax, 5BB99B2Fh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 5F2C5218h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0D37A1286h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B5F73E26h
xor     eax, 0A01F6230h
add     eax, 0FDF77B26h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 65663BE2h
sub     eax, 2013B402h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D70D3DF3h
sub     eax, 0D6230E58h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 904E0241h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7A3A35D5h
add     eax, 950DA40Ah
sub     eax, 7F4CBA36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A409FED3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C3E28B3Bh
xor     eax, 297AB0D6h
xor     eax, 3C2BB9A8h
add     eax, 0BA6CCA75h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FFE281D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 69A5C67Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0C9184FB2h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0D787F3DBh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E3490B04h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B466D508h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2BFD1D14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7108B86Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 70500A84h
add     eax, 829AAD7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E142E370h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0F64D64CEh
sub     eax, 846074FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ED248DE2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 862F160Eh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 7B7D8E09h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 75FFC695h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A38C1FA9h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0D97CB1E7h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0B20BF0BFh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 18B1B94Ah
xor     eax, 18CA9B13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5524302Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B766872Fh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F8B257DCh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0C3DF9906h
xor     eax, 6127F2FCh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E76B5A88h
not     eax
xor     eax, 383A4F2Bh
xor     eax, 4804D14Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0E931822Ah
add     eax, 0AFF72EF8h
sub     eax, 68C1E292h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 88B4ECE1h
sub     eax, 0A6E51307h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DBF0C092h
xor     eax, 3BBF42F8h
sub     eax, 15DF7D92h
sub     eax, 0AB8E813Dh
xor     eax, 9D66269Eh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0D7805965h
sub     eax, 42BC1753h
xor     eax, 88977553h
sub     eax, 1643BCDDh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0A800BBCBh
sub     eax, 0AAF144BAh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0B1900632h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 4B66CA8Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 54AE55C9h
xor     eax, 56C88788h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 68D60AE0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 15EEAB67h
add     eax, 6A3DB4ABh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0A6AC7184h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 76B0B295h
xor     eax, 105146A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9524B9E6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0D02F26ACh
sub     eax, 6B02FEF8h
xor     eax, 0ECB3DA3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B159D3A5h
xor     eax, 7DED5088h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BE590AC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 16801FCFh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E0D4537Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 77C1E24Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E475C306h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 67DDC0A4h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4747753Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C4591B9Fh
add     eax, 14A04475h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B84C489Eh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 1D994070h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 1255909Bh
sub     eax, 9C90A0B8h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 6C43BD96h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 8E27838Bh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 92FD1B87h
sub     eax, 3FA02725h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 477871BDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EF62FA18h
sub     eax, 4892F101h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 4B54F86Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 57B1ECA2h
xor     eax, 0EB722268h
add     eax, 65345194h
add     eax, 0EF4A0B8Fh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3EC017B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 9627CC51h
add     eax, 0E2A36F47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 61BA65BEh
add     eax, 1AF71903h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 5120577Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9A9E8FDCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 15CD37C7h
add     eax, 6FE8DBBFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8D39A2DBh
sub     eax, 864C6BCDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0CBB56EB2h
add     eax, 274145E3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 139BFD3Ah
add     eax, 96B8C43Dh
sub     eax, 252728E9h
sub     eax, 0AAE5FC44h
sub     eax, 4756B614h
xor     eax, 6D861339h
add     eax, 7CFDE9D4h
xor     eax, 0CB3D2108h
sub     eax, 0C0E93790h
sub     eax, 0BDFE5379h
sub     eax, 6953DF9Dh
add     eax, 0AAE3FD1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 59D7AED0h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0DB1BDF33h
add     eax, 6CCFD1EDh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 855DDBEEh
sub     eax, 5B6ABB90h
xor     eax, 3889E064h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0BA27C6DBh
add     eax, 9C78125Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0C0CC9699h
xor     eax, 63380A02h
xor     eax, 876E251Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 1770429Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 20AEB560h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 4B0BBD2Dh
sub     eax, 63F593B0h
sub     eax, 515C22D5h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 80A75DB7h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 1199A827h
sub     eax, 541AC531h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 75ECC305h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0D1CA72BCh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 32F1E341h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0B1E4C48Ah
xor     eax, 8F1C2B83h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FD4D561Dh
sub     eax, 535E03CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 54A1CEB6h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C6122903h
add     eax, 3018759Dh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 4F4AA627h
sub     eax, 0B00BFEC2h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0CBAF7673h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0CDC26703h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 808F333Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0FDC1924Bh
xor     eax, 5ADB1463h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C2EF832Dh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8859B0D6h
xor     eax, 323A1448h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EEDC076Bh
sub     eax, 24BC0F64h
xor     eax, 6A05A33Ah
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AF48BC56h
sub     eax, 659BB72Bh
xor     eax, 72BEF41Dh
xor     eax, 95FFAD15h
add     eax, 0BAA3D2FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7420F55Dh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 6B01EE4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F3057AD0h
add     eax, 0F7539874h
add     eax, 4FF03A3Eh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 804A3AACh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EAC5E369h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 8B899688h
xor     eax, 6F30C211h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 3A6503FAh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 634FC1FEh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0D1833A2Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 6E71DBAFh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0D12E639Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0DE9FF848h
xor     eax, 0DA3BAFDCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0A48F3C84h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0DE8DAC20h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 3AF3C7BCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 84F65776h
add     eax, 387D4301h
xor     eax, 943E011Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 1B31F703h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AE3AAD7Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 45C6B7F2h
xor     eax, 0F7DDE8C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0E554C870h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 25A38A6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 6E6D078Dh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2B07856Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8473989Ch
sub     eax, 58D159BBh
sub     eax, 3DE2D5F9h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0F3DD90DAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7D864E82h
not     eax
sub     eax, 33B4EDB0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 615ABCC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CB52598Eh
xor     eax, 0C53C1B76h
not     eax
add     eax, 9C18F9AFh
add     eax, 9541CC09h
sub     eax, 0EFFA0B17h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FBD04E12h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0EC4362A6h
add     eax, 252A8866h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 448B8846h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 719F21FFh
sub     eax, 0B3AD4D10h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B9A9D621h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4D9C455Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DBC31210h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 4539C5FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 86897AF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B3318765h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 1C8F655Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0FC21DE70h
sub     eax, 0DD614371h
xor     eax, 0B24F7140h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 24B95949h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C1A07FCBh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 93C339B2h
sub     eax, 49723E10h
sub     eax, 8276B89Dh
add     eax, 0DD287A37h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B1AAD331h
add     eax, 3CCEFDF2h
xor     eax, 0A09BC24Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1DFC505Fh
xor     eax, 9603D880h
xor     eax, 0E11BF1C1h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 88968E32h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 710D111Ch
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 108305FBh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0ED525AADh
xor     eax, 6B73E59Fh
add     eax, 64D8665Fh
add     eax, 0C8BADF70h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 7BB5EE61h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B3ED6666h
add     eax, 6516E228h
sub     eax, 30FF8CE0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 100884E0h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 8FD3331Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F3659E81h
sub     eax, 8AA37026h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 781A720Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 770AE429h
xor     eax, 0D881B85Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 8A0739AEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8E9B8F23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 136E2701h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0B53D9FF2h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0B3F65010h
sub     eax, 0D0129731h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A122BB41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0AE21BDCDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 187FC40Eh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0BF750B7Ch
add     eax, 38B5C474h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AC675141h
add     eax, 0A1642CEEh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0D235819Ch
sub     eax, 6CA8847Dh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A34EE1F8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 7DD8FF17h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 2AA82192h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2B1FB64Fh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 7CF1E255h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0A4CB5956h
sub     eax, 0DC4E1589h
sub     eax, 0C024AAE4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E8BE3491h
sub     eax, 4FEA33B4h
xor     eax, 2C1B0D5Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8D0155ACh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0DF4DA686h
sub     eax, 0FA80FB82h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 3C99201Dh
xor     eax, 0D835C97Bh
xor     eax, 0C6AFB865h
sub     eax, 0D8EE0A85h
add     eax, 791FD05Fh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 5132F43Eh
xor     eax, 5168757Eh
add     eax, 8E19F96Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C9E817EFh
xor     eax, 0D0959B76h
sub     eax, 0EDF90531h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D7BAA185h
sub     eax, 0C6A4115Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0A04CDC71h
add     eax, 25BD5332h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BE4971DEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E588CBC8h
add     eax, 29BA8E46h
sub     eax, 6EF1B281h
xor     eax, 888DBBC9h
sub     eax, 0A664C479h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 5C959124h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9B0E806Ah
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FCD3E271h
xor     eax, 63C98658h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 3D23CE45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 7D9CB877h
add     eax, 0ED2930BDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 283D7C08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 66A6DEEFh
sub     eax, 0FA5A0395h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 98C64CF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0EA912861h
sub     eax, 6BFAFA6Ah
sub     eax, 48AFA9B1h
sub     eax, 16ED6028h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 71696F56h
sub     eax, 50EE8190h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C93EAEE7h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 6C82ADFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D4AADEB0h
xor     eax, 83C2F675h
add     eax, 2BFEF6B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 5709B5BAh
sub     eax, 897C0091h
add     eax, 1A6FCEC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0E0F2302Eh
xor     eax, 419100A1h
sub     eax, 7AB415DBh
add     eax, 427A4FA9h
xor     eax, 462A6D39h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5C133051h
sub     eax, 723FAA6Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0A729AE0Fh
sub     eax, 7CA48D04h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 9594B698h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FB0E4E93h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 29C0278Dh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 1504C4B6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F76EC561h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 92A7033Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 2968B70Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E792842Dh
sub     eax, 8AE33EE0h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 6F998E5Fh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4B3D9C6Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 6DBEB92Fh
sub     eax, 43B27D86h
sub     eax, 2EF41C28h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 16DB086Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 21E2447Ah
sub     eax, 2CF248F6h
sub     eax, 0E75C029Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 72C0572Dh
sub     eax, 0CAED4F09h
sub     eax, 70E9E6BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 3F1272F1h
add     eax, 3AF7EDD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A3D6B9F0h
add     eax, 0BAACD006h
add     eax, 66AA7B66h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B2EAA657h
xor     eax, 0F7BBFA1Eh
add     eax, 0D3F145B8h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0A6CD8B08h
add     eax, 3BB45CB2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 56E038B9h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 97F3ED2Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 6A73433Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 801B0661h
sub     eax, 0DB2A0649h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 274BF1DAh
add     eax, 83C667F1h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 2C28CEB0h
add     eax, 0B5D8C997h
sub     eax, 2CA28DB7h
xor     eax, 0C34964EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8362246Ah
xor     eax, 0AFF1562Ah
xor     eax, 4FDC22EFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 46FD4AF5h
add     eax, 0B31972A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FD1741A5h
add     eax, 4BC72D32h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 9A7DA94Dh
xor     eax, 734A91FAh
add     eax, 8B67A3ABh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 501C6D34h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0C05CCB81h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0F2849988h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5A503F90h
xor     eax, 0CE11A1D5h
sub     eax, 0D9659308h
not     eax
xor     eax, 613D1732h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 775D5B11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 163F681Fh
sub     eax, 0DCA6BE50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3AE91514h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0F834CD12h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F86DC67Ah
xor     eax, 0B8A7A2C3h
xor     eax, 0AF3C82D2h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 8E736694h
add     eax, 78579CBEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B75143D0h
sub     eax, 0AEA99D0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 377499C3h
sub     eax, 1A4FA9F3h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 90B52EA6h
add     eax, 42265218h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0F1FB508Fh
xor     eax, 0DAC83468h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A2183915h
add     eax, 0CB5CDA22h
xor     eax, 0A9FB5B9Ch
sub     eax, 0D00B5499h
add     eax, 1D201C5Ch
xor     eax, 863CE0B6h
sub     eax, 36BF3E03h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 6351E6D2h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0A3E04DADh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C3AF5005h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 59B21202h
sub     eax, 0CC24F243h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0CD4684B0h
xor     eax, 0DA8FCED1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B631309Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C6BC6522h
sub     eax, 94EAB5D9h
xor     eax, 0AF04A10Ch
add     eax, 0C7DA1480h
xor     eax, 3A8ADE50h
not     eax
sub     eax, 84BC3E83h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 8E7FE853h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 2DC646C0h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0EC7FE44Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0C34FC6C8h
not     eax
add     eax, 59506863h
sub     eax, 0B19488DDh
add     eax, 0A49EA354h
xor     eax, 4CE404F2h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 9B907E46h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 976FFD13h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BA9B8E66h
not     eax
add     eax, 3F94A953h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 456B6681h
sub     eax, 0DA1113E6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 28315219h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 54A2CB9Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 372AB376h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 23E3C717h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7D69F38Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 23CD75B1h
xor     eax, 0D67AEA48h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A2E3BED1h
not     eax
add     eax, 7925E0B8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 43383FD3h
xor     eax, 7E212891h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 7BE93A3Ah
sub     eax, 0AF18E88Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 53988AAFh
add     eax, 0B2808FF1h
sub     eax, 8388AB02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0EC13C930h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7F215ECCh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 59E20EF1h
xor     eax, 228CB2E8h
sub     eax, 0C16DC1F2h
xor     eax, 3B653BE7h
add     eax, 0ACFF70B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 52D9F037h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2B4F6EF0h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0AE91049Bh
add     eax, 4D8F4C97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D713416Bh
sub     eax, 0CC9633D3h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4B0897F9h
sub     eax, 0F1AAE91Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 6E1BC0D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 54D4705Bh
add     eax, 0CC6E7926h
xor     eax, 55E45F1Dh
sub     eax, 0B35D19B3h
xor     eax, 69D29B92h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 892864EDh
add     eax, 0E3D5E88Dh
add     eax, 79CE23C9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0E31031E4h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 981952B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D73242F5h
add     eax, 0A91B199Dh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8E23D64Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 39FA62CDh
sub     eax, 3BE14D23h
xor     eax, 2EBCFCADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8658715Dh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0EAE1139Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3A198194h
not     eax
add     eax, 9DA0FBC5h
xor     eax, 0C30828FEh
add     eax, 0AF1DB315h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 6A54069Ah
add     eax, 91A089C3h
xor     eax, 4F2281D0h
not     eax
add     eax, 462317E2h
add     eax, 1CFD2BC4h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 8BB19581h
xor     eax, 44A7F49Ah
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 361F5A60h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 8A4BDBA1h
add     eax, 1A4212F2h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 753311AAh
xor     eax, 622166C9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0B7D31DE7h
add     eax, 80A1483Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0F9CC3A6Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2EA20D26h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 79CD8A7Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 6D0251E2h
sub     eax, 0A58EDE31h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 6C52A9AAh
sub     eax, 124D897Eh
add     eax, 0DC6A8A9Bh
sub     eax, 0AF2942FBh
xor     eax, 5269229Ch
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 3D49FAE7h
not     eax
add     eax, 52A0232Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6E5AB048h
add     eax, 18690509h
sub     eax, 70EB0EA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 76C2243Bh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 1C0F45E3h
add     eax, 6FA1D07Bh
sub     eax, 873BB89Dh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 19F5E635h
not     eax
xor     eax, 52B17AADh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 7BDB2338h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7A234D8h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D62B7866h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2443E6A2h
xor     eax, 18950821h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A530A4Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 24A5CA2Eh
add     eax, 0B6B77E8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BE361BA8h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5F14691Ch
sub     eax, 7410BD0Ah
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AFC052D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EE8D8F2Bh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C1AC78A9h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 81F553A8h
xor     eax, 1E18E2FCh
add     eax, 0AA185747h
sub     eax, 6D3DC82Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6CD285B3h
add     eax, 3F3D0D83h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0BEDDF1F1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 66EEB600h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0F3AE5F01h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C2C53E51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B4D7DAAEh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 57440715h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CF775CEBh
add     eax, 0FD7A4699h
xor     eax, 0D3029464h
add     eax, 0E05C21AEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7282E2Eh
add     eax, 35C981BEh
not     eax
add     eax, 1ED98349h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0E8E38829h
xor     eax, 3932C693h
add     eax, 0E1B17DECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2E6C3C3Bh
xor     eax, 8964A8FBh
add     eax, 0CD80B349h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0CC470EBCh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 19EC6AD8h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A559ED80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 1A792331h
xor     eax, 0C03DB4A5h
xor     eax, 9D05CE77h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0EC41AF6Eh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0F536C3BBh
xor     eax, 0DD335A5Dh
xor     eax, 13C567B0h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5A088831h
xor     eax, 47CCA476h
xor     eax, 3D45A7A5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 13B0DA93h
xor     eax, 6C8AA773h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 7009F8B3h
xor     eax, 0E4C7E4ADh
sub     eax, 578BEE96h
add     eax, 7E73F4C8h
add     eax, 0CBBEFB4Dh
sub     eax, 67B2554Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CDDA7D90h
xor     eax, 74F68849h
not     eax
add     eax, 18A707A1h
add     eax, 0F96C2EB4h
add     eax, 3FEBF496h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0E4B25A27h
xor     eax, 799837C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 188B69B2h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0EAA02EDFh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 16A0AEFAh
add     eax, 0B385CB51h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 52924873h
add     eax, 0E6C0E367h
not     eax
xor     eax, 465DFC79h
xor     eax, 5F90D003h
xor     eax, 42FF8824h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0F24356B7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D9F0B039h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4B56EB58h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0FA6FCF58h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 822A6B6Dh
sub     eax, 5D54F25Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 80A36811h
xor     eax, 5D8821C4h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 1EDA8D49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 7FCEE3D0h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0CCAAFB0Bh
sub     eax, 4C2C03E7h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 2DAD9987h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B255A31Ah
xor     eax, 0C70646E4h
add     eax, 2E779C05h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0C21B303Fh
add     eax, 17237798h
xor     eax, 3952B562h
add     eax, 357BEE12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0CED5537Ch
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0D1E8545Ah
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B6A82F28h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DCF05A41h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0AAE1C598h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 52F87908h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 4A10B5C3h
add     eax, 0F2404BB5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 44B8B56Ch
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 28FCCA6Ah
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 1A87AAB8h
sub     eax, 52F2F01Eh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 996EEBB2h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0BAE07F38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B1D87968h
not     eax
add     eax, 7DC49D7Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F9F6C0E1h
xor     eax, 79EC1D75h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 85AC4696h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 4C02D1B7h
add     eax, 4938B9CEh
sub     eax, 911C33CEh
add     eax, 0F579E382h
xor     eax, 0B6A89F35h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0F0EFA61Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 46FA503Eh
xor     eax, 5C7163BDh
xor     eax, 6ACAC494h
sub     eax, 8771D030h
add     eax, 3310AA7Eh
sub     eax, 0AB4D1FF7h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B0139FD1h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0A29FD22Dh
add     eax, 0E434DEBEh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A424A9BAh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 610DA5E1h
sub     eax, 6912895Eh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 1C4A2C17h
add     eax, 462CAB49h
xor     eax, 782D8F93h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 74079D63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0D67E0F12h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0CCD81B19h
xor     eax, 2C3A94E4h
xor     eax, 182B3943h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3A54C96Ch
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C19EFE79h
add     eax, 0D70FFA0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 862FD409h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 3B70610Eh
xor     eax, 0E05A4795h
sub     eax, 44493111h
xor     eax, 739A33F7h
not     eax
add     eax, 17DDFB09h
sub     eax, 0E1F14765h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A43ABF05h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0FC474332h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 8EFDB1E2h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0E20C8E32h
sub     eax, 603CCF1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1D6DB7D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 3A45556Ch
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0AB5A292Eh
xor     eax, 1CBD4160h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 867C94BEh
xor     eax, 0DFB96EC9h
add     eax, 21C90E31h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4656873Fh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0F669AFF9h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0D6158E79h
add     eax, 267E7AE4h
xor     eax, 60036CA3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9E0096FEh
xor     eax, 0C072E2F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 548AA9B0h
sub     eax, 567E06C1h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0F52CFF5Ch
add     eax, 0F1F3A9D9h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 2E8DF6FCh
xor     eax, 4BEEAEFBh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0E563F0E9h
sub     eax, 0C356FD33h
not     eax
add     eax, 958B9C61h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1A2317B8h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 3B4A5E03h
add     eax, 48B06D0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2D7BA2B3h
xor     eax, 0A3894D85h
add     eax, 0BFE2FE6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D8241E61h
add     eax, 0AF24CB86h
sub     eax, 377BC7E0h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0CE0C28CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0A3F1CDD5h
xor     eax, 6217386Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 6D5A3116h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CAEC8845h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E5633498h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 953F0BDCh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 169672CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D87FE594h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4AB89B7Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CB853434h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 4C4DBD96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 42D0F932h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 48F7B86Ch
sub     eax, 9255BCC1h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0F61AAF22h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 7B7145ACh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1D02EFC8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1930850Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 917BF00Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0A5DA3325h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 653FF7D6h
add     eax, 0FACB235Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 3276B78Fh
sub     eax, 0BB1BE4B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 90C1124Bh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 123DBA99h
add     eax, 0F478C932h
sub     eax, 0F6FC26D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 45A1DC7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FD2A29CDh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 50BB1488h
add     eax, 23B2E38Ch
add     eax, 3D4D5500h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7FCDAF67h
xor     eax, 17AB8A6Eh
sub     eax, 1E4B4FEFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 5B7D8BEEh
sub     eax, 0F99AC108h
add     eax, 449340D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DEE18494h
xor     eax, 23D13E72h
xor     eax, 0C5CCDC7Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 715B20E2h
sub     eax, 3F6EE86Ah
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0E913D034h
sub     eax, 0DB6F6148h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 4186FE4Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3D29E447h
xor     eax, 9B69625Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0B4926938h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0BE9EDB66h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2DCB8CD5h
xor     eax, 0C586AC81h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9D989A3Bh
add     eax, 65EC9F14h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 667FFE15h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 3A794E8Eh
xor     eax, 0B8EF8CDFh
xor     eax, 0A413BA92h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0AA9C708Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 86387967h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 55BAB6FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AAEE5D3Ah
xor     eax, 0E31F329Ah
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 3201C7E3h
add     eax, 0DF0D3868h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A8499B1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 667F4F37h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0BABCB7E5h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 732134E3h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 2B90ED2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B7ADBFAEh
sub     eax, 1A719C59h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 85142BBDh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0FCB24632h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 83EB3988h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 938B140Ah
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0FB9C6106h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 2DD0233Eh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 35DFAF0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF213D8Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C8C76978h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 3802569Bh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 3F12DA02h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0B5EE4810h
xor     eax, 197DBCA4h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0AFA9D054h
sub     eax, 0A430F6DBh
add     eax, 9773CEEDh
xor     eax, 93DA23C6h
xor     eax, 90D4070Eh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7279D4A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D5F119EDh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 3C9F61BBh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 6CF0B011h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 29C9A241h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0D1C52A0Eh
sub     eax, 4A5CE8E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0E3446046h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0D4C68EDBh
xor     eax, 53EB22B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EBB2A864h
xor     eax, 0CC2D43B2h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FC7EB48Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0CDAB4F9Bh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 2679876Eh
add     eax, 0ABC31056h
add     eax, 0FC57D460h
sub     eax, 0A5CBB7BDh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CA9F6F1Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0BFEE923Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0AEB04EFCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6BE5E17Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 25109E88h
add     eax, 9113FB15h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 51E20FEBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 74ABD07Ah
add     eax, 0B9468513h
xor     eax, 893AEA3Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 2DD830DCh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AD963D91h
sub     eax, 0CAEFE64Eh
add     eax, 88753B75h
xor     eax, 0C821D7C7h
sub     eax, 0F8E6ED17h
sub     eax, 6D428A03h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 126DF845h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DB5A6D36h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EEADDCB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0D4F0CE8Fh
xor     eax, 33B40E18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 806FE464h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 6AA336F1h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0DB11867Bh
add     eax, 191C57C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2E794595h
sub     eax, 0B2236345h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 26994D8Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DD01B64Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F2549F80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5F82AF26h
add     eax, 0FE54451Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 148CA98Fh
add     eax, 1B437CFCh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FE18A6D7h
add     eax, 65740B9Ah
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0AB00C75Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0D14FD2C6h
add     eax, 0B96FDF20h
add     eax, 32FB674Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 457EEB27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1382A62Bh
xor     eax, 15590A4Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AE880FB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 118772EBh
xor     eax, 0DC0ACE9Fh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0D607CA52h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 142A5E3Fh
sub     eax, 58167AB2h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0F77AEA44h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 8B8052A3h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 8D009BA2h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0FE1AB2C8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1AEF212Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0EAA64A4Fh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 7D029D68h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 30F1EC88h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4535D118h
xor     eax, 99A2011Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0DBB45C66h
xor     eax, 0DCBDC446h
xor     eax, 0FB331839h
sub     eax, 0AD272176h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 894BB539h
sub     eax, 7A79662Dh
xor     eax, 726C1C7Ah
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A31A90B1h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0E2924587h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FF95FD1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 7D27C3BCh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 2D9247B3h
sub     eax, 8042303Bh
sub     eax, 7DD7D43Ah
xor     eax, 0FF87FAAEh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0D05B3761h
xor     eax, 1B242A38h
xor     eax, 6D79E416h
not     eax
add     eax, 3FEF97A1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6C901A69h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B3BFA1FFh
sub     eax, 0E329A279h
xor     eax, 0B13F4620h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0D9E1098Fh
add     eax, 17B81A74h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0F04E5B45h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CCC39EFCh
xor     eax, 0C280250Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0F16E7282h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FA8DF3D3h
add     eax, 0D6AE99C6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 69C0986Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9684C6B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0C4B660ACh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AA8A127Fh
sub     eax, 8FAAD12Ah
xor     eax, 3DFB2A3Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B7EEE514h
sub     eax, 573131ACh
xor     eax, 0DAB48336h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0B6380ECDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0FFAC17D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 70A3AFA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 90C2AED2h
sub     eax, 2AD33A5Dh
add     eax, 0FE5DEA2Ch
add     eax, 8834CDCEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 4DC57564h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FC7CB11Eh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 43C9CB1Dh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 8091AEC5h
add     eax, 1AE5018Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 586988DCh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 2923D805h
sub     eax, 0FE6BDA23h
sub     eax, 792A85B2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 6EBF36ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0EE94E3E9h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 77F06D46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 47E22C0Eh
sub     eax, 0CCABD803h
xor     eax, 9CA7C423h
xor     eax, 0C49D5CCAh
xor     eax, 81499B98h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4E60D557h
sub     eax, 53C4DF05h
sub     eax, 7FDD166Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0CAEFE8F5h
add     eax, 0B4845540h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0B33BD4A6h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BBB5EE3Ch
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A3EC668Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0E02FD220h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F9EA9013h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E7E55224h
xor     eax, 1E1FEE8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1CBEE5EAh
add     eax, 834AC72Fh
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 3C9720EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D3CD982Ah
xor     eax, 0E5A80635h
xor     eax, 48DDB6FAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 11A5DEB1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6DD48661h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 92518F66h
xor     eax, 4682128Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 85F84C30h
xor     eax, 5638889Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B4B5BF6Ah
add     eax, 899D3502h
sub     eax, 0EEF26E24h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 8C26E42Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 6C5B2ED1h
sub     eax, 72471115h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C23F5F7h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EAF661F0h
add     eax, 0FC18DE92h
xor     eax, 0F4E247E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9F4E66B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 8A6469A1h
add     eax, 2C1B051Dh
add     eax, 8347F122h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D25D87EDh
xor     eax, 15D05AD5h
xor     eax, 56B85BBBh
xor     eax, 1BE0452Ch
xor     eax, 368BF6E8h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 53217AD1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 4FB0D03Bh
xor     eax, 2E55D4E9h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0CA83E56Eh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 29B368CAh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 5AD4F004h
add     eax, 8BD8CD3Ch
add     eax, 0B36FFAC3h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 52E8F180h
sub     eax, 836FC52Bh
sub     eax, 14D27BCEh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 794E844Ah
sub     eax, 89C43545h
sub     eax, 0C27EDA3Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AF3F0974h
xor     eax, 1F8AA291h
xor     eax, 0CDFBA047h
sub     eax, 311D12B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AB6734F0h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 448AC6EDh
sub     eax, 0DA372010h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0D56B219Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0B8691DCBh
xor     eax, 0C02014DBh
xor     eax, 8FDD4C0Fh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0A5A9B5ABh
add     eax, 0F6C5EB85h
xor     eax, 0B584DF46h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0BFEB849Bh
add     eax, 87B706B8h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 3A543C94h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 49EA5016h
xor     eax, 12EBA741h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BB9B2092h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DD6CF84Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 94FD4450h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F5FCDD01h
add     eax, 0B7F13BFBh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F8241C1Bh
xor     eax, 24F31FB3h
add     eax, 0FE2AB570h
xor     eax, 8FFC6AC1h
xor     eax, 8FBE5677h
xor     eax, 0EC41E694h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0BE362A16h
xor     eax, 40CE38DBh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 49210FB0h
xor     eax, 0AEE3593Bh
sub     eax, 0C5926B4Eh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0B3174AC4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 50A14BB4h
sub     eax, 3F940099h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3A2F189Ch
add     eax, 0B30365ABh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 945FADE9h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0AD97A2A0h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 890E6EDBh
xor     eax, 1B5FE4C3h
xor     eax, 1427D5DCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 5A3F02AFh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 89DE76CCh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0C3F8042Eh
sub     eax, 0B676E112h
sub     eax, 0B3E44737h
add     eax, 0ED877B3Fh
xor     eax, 0F2863B2Fh
sub     eax, 83895D5Eh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 8571242Fh
xor     eax, 13213620h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 79CA0FC7h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6530C5AEh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0D3082EA5h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 6643A937h
add     eax, 0A50EAB2Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D14731C7h
xor     eax, 0CB8906E6h
xor     eax, 69EDD9A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 11C777F2h
sub     eax, 995F34F6h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F3FAF48Fh
sub     eax, 0D61ADC20h
sub     eax, 422F3293h
add     eax, 52822831h
add     eax, 96DE123Ch
sub     eax, 6DF31CC9h
sub     eax, 312CA720h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0E0725F8Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2289A013h
add     eax, 8B0BE5EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0A803D4ADh
sub     eax, 91592380h
not     eax
sub     eax, 88779DB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E5E4B51Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 95C26533h
xor     eax, 504B1785h
xor     eax, 67E33DBEh
xor     eax, 0C82D0FAFh
xor     eax, 3B6F7A50h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0F60144B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0AE6CC7C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 6DE8AFA8h
add     eax, 0F58060B7h
sub     eax, 0F237F905h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0E15026CAh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 5E8D7B8Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 982F1389h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 966F99A3h
xor     eax, 6B4B9C22h
add     eax, 58C75A16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 791C4ED0h
add     eax, 0BAA9D12Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 18F22D59h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D4221490h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0E766FCAFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 670D1612h
sub     eax, 47BE9F79h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E1DA04CDh
add     eax, 0A2C3441Eh
add     eax, 0E4B38871h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 8773B2B2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 58BF4955h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5240C2F2h
add     eax, 0CFF33C2Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 73102A16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 11C9CA3Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 15DF0796h
xor     eax, 0DE583084h
xor     eax, 0F15A5210h
add     eax, 0AA30081Fh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 7EAD83A0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0CDABDCECh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 572C24F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 18BBA268h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4194A1A1h
sub     eax, 0C42719BAh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A35EEE41h
add     eax, 3B883A53h
xor     eax, 5E507216h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0E1A48ECCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 40448A7Ah
xor     eax, 9116623Fh
add     eax, 3D822F92h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 378FDDDCh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0D51B44CEh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 54351F9Fh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5D4535CAh
sub     eax, 0AADBC837h
xor     eax, 0F1F8F188h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 7B6B5FD7h
sub     eax, 23D0CBD5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D9E6290Eh
add     eax, 0C43B23EFh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0B3C27822h
add     eax, 0B21303CFh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 8965169Eh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2707FDBFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B7923113h
xor     eax, 55F6B7EAh
xor     eax, 7F5F5369h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 35CE1507h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0FB68A124h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 7A9DAA6Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C79BA0B5h
add     eax, 71BAB14Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 58BC922Ch
sub     eax, 3BE3843Eh
xor     eax, 37CDC29Ch
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 3260AF7Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 5E17B6A8h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 55AAF3E2h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7FDEF12Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0B13E9A64h
xor     eax, 0C6B9D1CAh
add     eax, 31AAA3DEh
sub     eax, 586143ECh
xor     eax, 4A6C886Ah
add     eax, 10F90B51h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 3C116BE3h
add     eax, 0D2906460h
add     eax, 9B8F7025h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B442F8EBh
sub     eax, 0F2261E7Fh
add     eax, 2744C375h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 589B4BB9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F8F00CDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 6FAD5C85h
add     eax, 4AF8DAFEh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 32DF9602h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FE570632h
xor     eax, 5FB2B0EDh
xor     eax, 3A46921Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2B375895h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FD29D4ABh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 84A59EB3h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E6D9ECC4h
add     eax, 0CDF03240h
sub     eax, 0C3212FF7h
xor     eax, 0CD7CFCFAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0C8E108B7h
add     eax, 0A3FDBA52h
add     eax, 0C6011807h
xor     eax, 7390186Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3CFDF485h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 355E6F22h
sub     eax, 0D5EEB61Bh
add     eax, 7063698Bh
xor     eax, 4147B62Ah
xor     eax, 0D21774D2h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 789AC682h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2172A332h
add     eax, 2C0B7069h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0DBB7D93Ch
xor     eax, 71986ADEh
sub     eax, 168FB0A8h
xor     eax, 7740964Dh
add     eax, 3259EA51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0D77B627Dh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0C0273C53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 2201B560h
xor     eax, 0D1D424FFh
xor     eax, 0F1C9DDA5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F4923E72h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 3A045042h
xor     eax, 0EEA13C07h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B45F9C8Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F390FD71h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B95B1A1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8480C0DEh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 5E8678E2h
sub     eax, 0C9B0F334h
add     eax, 9EA8C2AEh
xor     eax, 22FEC6F8h
sub     eax, 0E5F8A83Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 4E982DD6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 38E8ACCBh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 22723428h
add     eax, 23F8333Bh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0CB4A4D35h
xor     eax, 0D1774BBEh
xor     eax, 9AC799A4h
xor     eax, 866B996Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0FC9CD00Fh
xor     eax, 6508009Ah
add     eax, 177CA9B6h
xor     eax, 61EA1DE6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 73E2E0ECh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 406E0A11h
xor     eax, 0AE3D7CD2h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 805D7BF8h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0CFF947DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E17DAE72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DABB9A56h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 59F115FEh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 47256914h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E708D854h
sub     eax, 1CB6492Bh
xor     eax, 0ECD03C32h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0D7E88580h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9EB5A763h
sub     eax, 3FD93096h
xor     eax, 7C879E3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0B7EA3D9Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 8EB5B06Fh
add     eax, 3C2B106Ah
sub     eax, 9EC7F4D3h
sub     eax, 0C1E3874Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C7411B48h
add     eax, 38C12799h
add     eax, 53AF706Ch
xor     eax, 7BA8A260h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 97311364h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0AD04F369h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 693C4A13h
add     eax, 0ADE05C4Ch
xor     eax, 62FA5F17h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 786C7084h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 937037AFh
add     eax, 1BF5823Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 26770FDBh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E103F14Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 255B1B49h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2D83A063h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 1E98BE76h
add     eax, 0EE2054B6h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0B6148D64h
add     eax, 44D6B9DDh
add     eax, 0A0EF0ABAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 33905ABEh
sub     eax, 8CEC7192h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 6E5675B3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2C459CC2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 355F7D07h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 17CDED56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 224FBD5Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 57DA660Dh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FAD2AA7Bh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 570DE18Ch
xor     eax, 0B7B86620h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AC73EF58h
sub     eax, 0C174CFC6h
add     eax, 0C473A962h
xor     eax, 0EF88D94Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4C9814EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B0C206FCh
xor     eax, 0B21DD32Bh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0C540B354h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4A508BF5h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CD826E6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3CE2F529h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A319C968h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9837968Ch
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 16FBCFD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 5132C6A3h
xor     eax, 82991812h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 1A9D32FCh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 26D49973h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CBDC7FB2h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5DA91B08h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2F7F0B3Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 38F750B8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4685A081h
xor     eax, 6CBA28CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0DC288AB9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7E3A6E51h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 85408161h
xor     eax, 0F46E75F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0A1CCB927h
xor     eax, 851176D2h
xor     eax, 67B52D50h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BC8EC8FDh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 1DE6B575h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0EAEA807Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1E2378D2h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0F9A7A282h
add     eax, 8A562E2Fh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7A17BF0Dh
sub     eax, 0A0546054h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5680CC93h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 3ECE3998h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8796B606h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 28543DC7h
xor     eax, 0E6F2ECCEh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 5080FBB4h
xor     eax, 0B8BC3486h
xor     eax, 0C59A99EBh
add     eax, 3651223Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 5DCF0EEDh
sub     eax, 5CAD56B1h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 92CB4A71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 3503AC22h
add     eax, 0BD56D349h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C824B969h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0DC26696Eh
xor     eax, 0A7C6EE14h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 9077AE9Ch
xor     eax, 0AFAA2619h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ABF30A8Eh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0D1DA0E91h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0A4B4F3C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 15B33128h
sub     eax, 5E40866Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0D3865ABFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A9271DC3h
add     eax, 0AAED9F9Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 614E563Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 4A496B4Fh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 30BFB20Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 27EA594Ch
sub     eax, 0AB5CC5F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D4BC0FC5h
xor     eax, 1714C12Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 297988AAh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 28BF7782h
xor     eax, 91FA2F48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D92AD934h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C58BDBBAh
add     eax, 7D99279Ch
xor     eax, 0D8451435h
add     eax, 0A3E61FC2h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 705BE0A1h
sub     eax, 8E8937FAh
add     eax, 173210BEh
sub     eax, 99687851h
add     eax, 6646EB59h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 3F73F03Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0CA8A115Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 2129DF28h
add     eax, 9DC77E6Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0D198B8DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D1892C49h
add     eax, 6F61D479h
add     eax, 16E77BD6h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0CDB07833h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0AAAD144Bh
add     eax, 0B6284B6Ch
add     eax, 99A1853Eh
xor     eax, 4FD4E139h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0EE84DB54h
add     eax, 0A97FB0ACh
add     eax, 37610844h
xor     eax, 1C5BDB9Eh
add     eax, 2E0E62E7h
add     eax, 0B3C7F5EEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0C270B96Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 1B8EE0EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0CB6451E9h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5BC70CBAh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0F5E6507Fh
sub     eax, 9226CF04h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0D3A8CA1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8B6A5F6Ch
xor     eax, 120F8F57h
add     eax, 0AE7BB7F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 8D114B83h
xor     eax, 0B5ADF992h
xor     eax, 0C2DDCAF8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 37451088h
sub     eax, 0CED14C28h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 3F972CB8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 73BF6887h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9E0F4DA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 47FBD499h
sub     eax, 0C3D3BA21h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D667AF06h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B57FA504h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CC8CFF74h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1AD88FC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 986A9407h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0DEC6A8FAh
sub     eax, 153E6EAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 6B94D2E6h
xor     eax, 4ECD5BD2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2036EBE8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 116E0F9Ah
sub     eax, 53DA53C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2EE9CBF1h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 38C7CD73h
xor     eax, 0F7B54752h
add     eax, 0D6FF37B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 40058AC0h
add     eax, 2460E08Bh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 9487BCACh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 27A97602h
xor     eax, 0A80507A2h
not     eax
add     eax, 98FD0CE4h
add     eax, 69054966h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 14E8F870h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 87388164h
add     eax, 0D882665Fh
add     eax, 0C1CA8ABAh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 123E3299h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 8ED63D40h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 2EC25D87h
sub     eax, 50155D2Fh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 67B99AA9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0BDD8FBB1h
sub     eax, 9C99F7C2h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 51BEB9D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0AB10DC77h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 96D30464h
add     eax, 0B5A7DAEBh
xor     eax, 9E2CAF2Eh
add     eax, 236E222Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0FB97B3F7h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DE8AB2B8h
sub     eax, 19299EC1h
sub     eax, 0F11ACED7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AB31BC9Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 9E701E80h
sub     eax, 0BCB94D0Fh
sub     eax, 57946DD4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AE55A545h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 2A678D94h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 34DFE972h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 3B592174h
xor     eax, 4FEE74EDh
xor     eax, 6A1F4C3Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0A7F43AFDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0C8626D89h
xor     eax, 7152C9DCh
add     eax, 58BEB9C1h
sub     eax, 9077D5C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 6256EE1Eh
xor     eax, 0EB332B14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CB73FDE2h
add     eax, 25E293C6h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 649E41F0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EDA30CDEh
sub     eax, 0B0E4739Ah
xor     eax, 0EC25D68Fh
sub     eax, 0D52C2012h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9D3ABA9Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 6CFC20E5h
sub     eax, 4CF4F07Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 926831D5h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B67402ADh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 5CE6034Bh
sub     eax, 0EB63CCC4h
sub     eax, 0B6958117h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AB169A8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E7857F4Bh
xor     eax, 64ECEACFh
add     eax, 808A4A80h
xor     eax, 0EA036F69h
add     eax, 0ED33D1F2h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0AA212ABDh
add     eax, 8A96C46Ch
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 618B830Fh
add     eax, 527618BFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CBA1D9ACh
sub     eax, 9CBC956Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0A2BBF187h
add     eax, 38058133h
xor     eax, 7B576D1Fh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7C638DF1h
add     eax, 310BA859h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4EF6A773h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 352D95D8h
sub     eax, 5DAB75EBh
xor     eax, 1C0F6791h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AA99570Ah
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 4CF1FC0Ah
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A4D1FEC5h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 7554D29Dh
sub     eax, 6DE653C0h
sub     eax, 3897258Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8B672655h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CE69442Bh
xor     eax, 6A03B033h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6FCDFA3Fh
xor     eax, 3E19705Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 8DA71BC5h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 353E01E8h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1A9897B8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 1FE6143Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D7A74FBBh
xor     eax, 0E4CA6CBFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0DA6FFD3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 89875577h
add     eax, 0BD3B15B7h
add     eax, 0C774E435h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 24E7DFA3h
sub     eax, 37AE89F0h
add     eax, 15D8F7D1h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0A4D8AE6Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 82AB7C8Fh
sub     eax, 1F03B21Bh
add     eax, 609832F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 4BD634BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0D62ABD0Ah
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 23629779h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 50E556CEh
xor     eax, 34082F07h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 64E3EA56h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 854B4D63h
not     eax
sub     eax, 50B941DDh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 703C09D9h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F36D5AB1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B0334419h
xor     eax, 0EBF00A4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7E727FEBh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4D9502FEh
xor     eax, 4B30A0D7h
add     eax, 0F5F68546h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A46CE797h
sub     eax, 4824A9B6h
add     eax, 83668215h
sub     eax, 0A76E2178h
xor     eax, 0F747B0FEh
sub     eax, 5F0BE4EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 2BE6B9A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 96A4F906h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 200E690Ch
xor     eax, 41F409B5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0C5068AACh
add     eax, 35BA4494h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4C0845E7h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 187236C3h
add     eax, 0F3E56D04h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 6DA5A3EFh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 6A706792h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 439C1EC4h
add     eax, 52603EA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0E5E070E3h
add     eax, 0FBDEB248h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 744E7B3Ch
xor     eax, 3C2E0D56h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 68E7631Fh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 1E8B3397h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 73FD0E5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5B9D1D31h
add     eax, 580B467Eh
sub     eax, 9A4E6398h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 8B64B8CDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 79FF29C9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 5EB6B60Dh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 599C7E68h
sub     eax, 0E803ED23h
xor     eax, 19E4203Fh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 4F4AB4AEh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 4232818Fh
add     eax, 0FEC35BAFh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 1C706E38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DD5D2C79h
sub     eax, 0DE8F6298h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 2FA42ED5h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DAA5F1EAh
sub     eax, 0B4F1DEDDh
xor     eax, 0E2BF7B26h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 4B192F2Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 841D4C15h
sub     eax, 0A9359CDDh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 24BF1D0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0D4C007BBh
sub     eax, 0E80DBF5Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FBA96698h
sub     eax, 6DF49832h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7BB7B5C3h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 5D7CFE48h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FC00A43Ah
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 2AC89334h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 30940E3Eh
add     eax, 3D8642CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6E432C78h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2B1F538Dh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0BC33CE28h
sub     eax, 0A345C655h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D2774271h
sub     eax, 0D1BECCE8h
add     eax, 8477B6E9h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0A5DC7EACh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 339D4062h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 20407FB0h
xor     eax, 386205A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0CAE99860h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 718ECE5Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 758003F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 9C980C59h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 580A042Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F9C4E94Ch
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2A8A27E4h
xor     eax, 3D126AF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 75C3526Ah
sub     eax, 968DA049h
xor     eax, 0F167662Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1AC5B7A4h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 272682B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0E597CAA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 74A9201Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B36E2E17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 767422E0h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0A92F6F0Ah
add     eax, 0E86D4870h
xor     eax, 6E935E92h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 9715C429h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 965DD91Dh
sub     eax, 0EA4A2D23h
sub     eax, 0F5305E30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DA245C7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 2DE456EEh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 697B30A3h
sub     eax, 0D237BFC2h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 8974FC66h
xor     eax, 0C4A2E50Fh
add     eax, 0E75ADD05h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 527ED31Dh
add     eax, 77695EADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 282BA679h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0D78A7C9Ah
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 5374F99Eh
sub     eax, 5C04EF3Dh
sub     eax, 0A481E320h
xor     eax, 0B0B3E1ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 80220EB5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 33C8F4EAh
sub     eax, 654B3A86h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 183049A9h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 52A0D96Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C42B2207h
add     eax, 0C314864Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0E9E64817h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 9DCFD316h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 4C5A2F88h
xor     eax, 0DBFFDB0Dh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 25AEDDC7h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DBF3FC74h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7F9D1F85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F493359Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 3AF334D6h
sub     eax, 97AB7B50h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0EC425B1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 692D9229h
sub     eax, 51B7B74Fh
sub     eax, 734536DFh
xor     eax, 0E582CA65h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6A83C7EEh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D9B7B56Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 32D0BDABh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0E8216436h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0BD92B340h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 599ECC86h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0E14D57BBh
xor     eax, 9B90BBFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4171C1D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 901B4E41h
add     eax, 3B357211h
xor     eax, 84B5EA69h
xor     eax, 0D7418145h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C778C282h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 25AB3C32h
add     eax, 614F1620h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AEBAB301h
add     eax, 0D941AC53h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0ADCA7569h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0E9359A00h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DF88E47Eh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 9CB3AF48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 26F84FFCh
add     eax, 5FF9C28Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2C657E05h
add     eax, 110C810Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 32332037h
add     eax, 40AA05DAh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C75D5C4Ah
sub     eax, 2D0D08F1h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A9A0971Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2979D3BFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B185E04Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 70F28231h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 28662576h
sub     eax, 50F2B128h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 231A9528h
xor     eax, 697391EDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E2BB23F2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 18B857BFh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 446838CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AAF52E97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2CBC3ACEh
add     eax, 0E92D3C17h
sub     eax, 121CFF29h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 71D6176Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 67AE501Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 59F0E20Ch
xor     eax, 5E7BE388h
add     eax, 0ED895705h
add     eax, 726C7008h
sub     eax, 0E6944C65h
add     eax, 0E02D2BE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0F9F8B559h
add     eax, 252D3FF1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0EBDD2FAEh
add     eax, 8F573096h
sub     eax, 0B719425Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 9BE33815h
add     eax, 5A24C16Bh
xor     eax, 0A89BBFDBh
xor     eax, 0E414E4F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B3220227h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FA35BD90h
xor     eax, 52AD04B2h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 657F8B09h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 30379C9Ah
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8C53AFB8h
xor     eax, 0BDCD92B2h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 3D9E9D5Dh
add     eax, 5F836DA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CC4A74DAh
add     eax, 0F43FC198h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2E303296h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 8554C516h
add     eax, 942C1B6Ch
add     eax, 0AD53A916h
not     eax
add     eax, 1338C595h
xor     eax, 634DF0CCh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0E0956A35h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0A71C2572h
xor     eax, 0C69A760Ch
sub     eax, 0FF4FB76Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 31BE72ECh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5ED1D504h
add     eax, 0BCA520BCh
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 93CB9950h
xor     eax, 0F3D505B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C2A2913Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FA9058FDh
xor     eax, 0EC0FAE0Fh
xor     eax, 3037AD5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0ACB11BC1h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 8D63D24Ch
sub     eax, 571183A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5C304646h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 4AFB8AABh
xor     eax, 0E561E358h
add     eax, 60E2672Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1F0EFA6Fh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0B30D4FD2h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 6ACDA69Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2E515EF8h
sub     eax, 0B822CABCh
add     eax, 91EAD7E1h
xor     eax, 0CFC5567Bh
sub     eax, 3086596Ch
add     eax, 0C76FE427h
sub     eax, 535F4FE6h
sub     eax, 4328BA04h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 7EAFEA55h
add     eax, 3258BB2Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 13AEC98Eh
sub     eax, 5C3D0FA6h
sub     eax, 0AF7126FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 5220A831h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0FC3E3582h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 52447B0Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CD04B5FBh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 24FE2AADh
sub     eax, 32E699EEh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 72DA224Ch
sub     eax, 0B65F39B6h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D1C902A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 8AB70285h
add     eax, 0C74D523Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0F3F88DD2h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E0BAF81Eh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C1AE1CC7h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 1F447CFBh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0ECC3CE09h
add     eax, 0FC9F1C60h
add     eax, 8A552DF2h
xor     eax, 33286357h
add     eax, 14477B9Ch
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 16830CCFh
sub     eax, 4CE7EC7Fh
xor     eax, 1B245E8Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 8F5C5B32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BE30B96Ah
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 63FE0831h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CE51B6ACh
xor     eax, 0DF5F980Fh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 1DF1650Ch
add     eax, 0A7907216h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DA558C2Fh
add     eax, 2CEC3D6Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD0A5C6Ch
add     eax, 69A3C785h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2FDE675Eh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 58318B80h
sub     eax, 0A3C7AD03h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 9E80DC5Bh
add     eax, 0C61891ADh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0E2E51F53h
add     eax, 0B7EAC276h
sub     eax, 146812D2h
add     eax, 1CB63D58h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F0D39E92h
sub     eax, 0F1A50507h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 59027658h
sub     eax, 0C0F2338Ah
add     eax, 65BDE235h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 23417C1Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0C6B0642Fh
add     eax, 3AEC6BF2h
xor     eax, 0F4227C9Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 72BE0B92h
add     eax, 9CE53244h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D6D6D477h
sub     eax, 4B1B2E9Bh
add     eax, 1291687Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 86422C54h
xor     eax, 0F7390CF6h
sub     eax, 0A66745EBh
add     eax, 6DD46EE3h
xor     eax, 14D65450h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C85272F0h
xor     eax, 0E4C8CD7Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AC8C9CFBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F4F87273h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0E46D9A3Fh
add     eax, 0A9FB822Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 608BE7CAh
xor     eax, 11B0A98Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0F874DCF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D621B5Dh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 340F4FA5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1584A02Eh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 83804A8Dh
xor     eax, 256A7467h
xor     eax, 1B5F1634h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8F15F515h
sub     eax, 0CF682BF2h
add     eax, 1F85FEE4h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0CEA09804h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B2913CF9h
add     eax, 0EFF4CAD2h
add     eax, 9745F70Bh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 2CD8A566h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0EFC4CB26h
xor     eax, 7DA5EF2Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2B29E0ADh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0EA33515Bh
xor     eax, 0E03227F5h
xor     eax, 50A1A486h
add     eax, 3B75AFADh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2C83BC41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 24B559FDh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C7436122h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 73EE5B71h
add     eax, 97083276h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0DAF7598Fh
add     eax, 0FEAABB7Ch
xor     eax, 0C4C2F987h
sub     eax, 6C51DFA1h
not     eax
add     eax, 71B14B28h
sub     eax, 63BBD8E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 3704F328h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0C36B2646h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2C82327Fh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 360AB803h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A0E5B1C0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0D9FF9DD2h
xor     eax, 8F3948C5h
add     eax, 8AC48261h
xor     eax, 5A0A334Ch
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 14A8CEE9h
sub     eax, 4740C2ECh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0E02CC413h
sub     eax, 1390EB89h
not     eax
xor     eax, 53CDE60Eh
sub     eax, 1BBE180Dh
sub     eax, 0B64A31ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0D2AA55DBh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 66F6BA03h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 62193049h
sub     eax, 0FC8E1A83h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 83F4EC09h
xor     eax, 3C856247h
add     eax, 2F92D62Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 6B16A9C3h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 6DDD1528h
xor     eax, 25CFE362h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B2F77F2Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C7D28FD5h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F839EFFFh
add     eax, 0C0FBCAB0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0F0422E58h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0ED68BD7Bh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 777693A0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 75EB63ABh
add     eax, 8FC5E479h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CE803A9Bh
add     eax, 2EB25B09h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C8771713h
xor     eax, 0FBBF3305h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 5104B327h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 78404C53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1F652726h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0B4E0DDC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 3CB2058Fh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 9113AEADh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0AF9E7F41h
xor     eax, 33859806h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 888EF419h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 889D9F95h
add     eax, 3BFD2CBFh
add     eax, 5ACFBC0Ch
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0A75F00CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 955A721Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1C9A89D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0ADA6925Ch
sub     eax, 35B74675h
xor     eax, 0BD17B3ACh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7F80CB2Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C7344366h
add     eax, 8B9FD820h
add     eax, 0EC1FE723h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B4C6AB7h
sub     eax, 0BE8D863Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 7A6857B5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0ACDCA0BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0F10BF259h
xor     eax, 4C819A9Eh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 3E007B13h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 419D82C4h
add     eax, 3C0AFB8Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C6B73537h
add     eax, 1D1E7440h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 3709F2A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 63F4153Ah
xor     eax, 4A0430C8h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 887F426Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E819513Ch
xor     eax, 9EF9FA64h
add     eax, 566C9FF7h
xor     eax, 0BB8FD850h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2FA7AD22h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 7A5A0C0Bh
sub     eax, 0E11E5A59h
xor     eax, 4119841Ch
add     eax, 9DFC03FDh
add     eax, 3C1CA6F2h
add     eax, 5A2B3EDBh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0E5505C5Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CC8EC118h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E676C2C5h
xor     eax, 10159387h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1C8DD880h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 2BA7B4A5h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 99960E61h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 5F3A4350h
sub     eax, 2161EC78h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 38CE0CD9h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 129A8522h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 4F9B5B7Bh
xor     eax, 0C5EFC504h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 8A00C354h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 425162CDh
add     eax, 0D04C1986h
add     eax, 0D3E2D9D5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AA547F5Dh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 5A8B0A42h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E67D7EAFh
xor     eax, 0A3AC29ACh
sub     eax, 62D82B95h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 724F93D8h
add     eax, 0CD6D4D7Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0EDC62869h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AA8AC534h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 6E502EA7h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 123DA80Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 815393C6h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0F01022A2h
xor     eax, 32A21841h
not     eax
sub     eax, 654DC7E7h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3E97E2A6h
sub     eax, 518DD177h
xor     eax, 0A1B1E028h
xor     eax, 96BB1B34h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AB2B8B8Dh
add     eax, 3DE3B7E5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 752A97F4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C7DE7232h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 147BC638h
xor     eax, 852B9549h
xor     eax, 1C9F1BB8h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0B2BF78F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 87E535FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 49EE0DA8h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0FBEE5621h
add     eax, 0A270DB10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 39A928E8h
sub     eax, 5F2D2BB6h
xor     eax, 0EE758598h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 46371628h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 7C5D51FDh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 31605ACDh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 8F7585AFh
sub     eax, 0EDB51934h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0DC436FD4h
add     eax, 0B7420921h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A0D7A097h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 6D1FEE30h
not     eax
add     eax, 4E6FC636h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 8BEB7AB8h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C6905C3Bh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 93F36329h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F4867CCFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 25DF4D81h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F37AFC91h
add     eax, 82CDAA76h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A401DF79h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 64AF2079h
add     eax, 0BCF4B201h
sub     eax, 0BD15B8CAh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0BB0AD422h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 88E2F4CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0A5FDAD04h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 745FA64Fh
sub     eax, 0D6A2B415h
xor     eax, 9D8DFE50h
add     eax, 9C19A840h
sub     eax, 0FAC03062h
xor     eax, 0FE128A26h
xor     eax, 0AC02D12Bh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0FD8C03C4h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 930A24B3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 826094A5h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 50BB7B3Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6174C93Eh
add     eax, 0C96F3164h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 10657FD1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 17A9605Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 10240174h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D1F1E489h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0B3088C2Eh
add     eax, 0A66B0EDCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4B1F0B6Ah
sub     eax, 0E7EA22F4h
add     eax, 0D0716278h
sub     eax, 0C23E9473h
add     eax, 0B034B447h
sub     eax, 56406167h
add     eax, 0CE6A3AFCh
sub     eax, 0D0C77273h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DD0BF3DDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7A62F8D6h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 862877D7h
xor     eax, 10AF8E28h
add     eax, 793E4AEAh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 25329693h
add     eax, 4A0E46FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6D78DF8Dh
add     eax, 93D52902h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 3641F3E9h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 543F37E0h
sub     eax, 0C2F4967Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 95AC0564h
add     eax, 0DFE32DDDh
xor     eax, 0AEA6852Ah
sub     eax, 4573CC76h
add     eax, 0AD46B1E1h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0E0E1CD13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4024B7C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 2C627A82h
sub     eax, 77AE7CE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 57A691E7h
xor     eax, 0ADB84499h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0F464D308h
add     eax, 23A6B6F2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0FDEE0893h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C91E07C5h
sub     eax, 9276350Bh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0EC6E2074h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0BC13DC45h
not     eax
xor     eax, 910381A4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 5FA69F0Ch
sub     eax, 3E4C52DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DAE72D4Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 32853232h
add     eax, 7CA14069h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 316D8026h
add     eax, 79B64335h
xor     eax, 2DC357EEh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0D2E72530h
sub     eax, 5AC735A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3E663EDAh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F97428C7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BE1DA9CEh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 9D16776Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A9A1655Dh
sub     eax, 67DBCB27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0D8C8B394h
add     eax, 769DA3A9h
xor     eax, 8DD80CA4h
xor     eax, 97E6BEA4h
add     eax, 0AF6029CAh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0CA8F04C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D0804FB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3BA815EBh
add     eax, 0C6AF0D66h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 1DD84FC4h
xor     eax, 0E2F3D354h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F9394632h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 91238C18h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 191A3EC4h
add     eax, 87783222h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B1B6C4DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 4E388AAFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 6E5B1848h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B51EEF51h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0F2897E80h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B05327D3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D133D0BEh
add     eax, 0FBD13B43h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 95AE0E60h
add     eax, 0C10A9452h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0A53DE6E3h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 74FA53FDh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B28F1A3Bh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0D41E04A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5B45BBB4h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0F43E3C0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F2BCDADBh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 49E636DFh
add     eax, 44B38223h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C81485DDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0CD36F5C7h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 66D8358Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 37F45D47h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 5C88280Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EFD9FA38h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F49BA3BCh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 6D9E3351h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 662892BEh
xor     eax, 7A3C9B6Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 63426895h
add     eax, 0E98C65A0h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 55137750h
add     eax, 0D9ECFEA2h
sub     eax, 7996B92Ch
xor     eax, 0DED91253h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 166011D2h
sub     eax, 3516310Eh
sub     eax, 0C9C5AEB0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 1E816E9Fh
sub     eax, 0D5FE77DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 2FB9E41Eh
xor     eax, 5A7EC5AFh
xor     eax, 665422BAh
xor     eax, 37F18123h
xor     eax, 31BB57B1h
sub     eax, 0F7ED600Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3A657AD0h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 725E7BF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AC2AFF98h
add     eax, 0DDE0A666h
sub     eax, 3EC322F1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CCD441B8h
xor     eax, 0EA8FBC06h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0A671EC80h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BC71F230h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 5394C420h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0BF656169h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 125CF668h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2C349BDFh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 379D457Dh
sub     eax, 0B8CC6870h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 52C104D7h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 299E409Dh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C3D0B0C3h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CB6957F0h
add     eax, 0E97123FAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 63944620h
xor     eax, 372DA9B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E892915Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0B82E881Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8972E5B2h
add     eax, 0A177EE5Ah
add     eax, 254BDB07h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0EB206805h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 0B87A2EABh
sub     eax, 7071E2ABh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0F7EA6D71h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CCAC9BBAh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 52678796h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3C13B805h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0CCE8110Eh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 21FDAF66h
not     eax
add     eax, 72CB1115h
add     eax, 4AA25E77h
add     eax, 55A1664Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B79E9EA9h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 6020D212h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 43567556h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 8079F7BAh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 8A8B4052h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 6A64D98Dh
add     eax, 399266D2h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 6A140229h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 28AD6771h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8119AE84h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0B9E328B1h
xor     eax, 0A1503C68h
sub     eax, 0F2D41E52h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 410C6B14h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5241FEAFh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 27DE09F0h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 7DBC24BEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 6B8FB026h
add     eax, 0AA89037Bh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0BE49ABA9h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0A30ECF6Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AB46451Eh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 4CD1BF2Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 572F244Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CDB2C063h
sub     eax, 0E3A25A18h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0C1218D00h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2D47D657h
xor     eax, 5C506F1Fh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0BE6A76FFh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0B0474404h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 4E9DA5F7h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 26AA3E11h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 35798C2Ah
sub     eax, 9739C0B9h
sub     eax, 51FE5557h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3F8D5449h
xor     eax, 0A1B0D778h
sub     eax, 9A1BAC4Fh
sub     eax, 91B508EAh
sub     eax, 30F8801Eh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 575B0A26h
xor     eax, 240D8B03h
xor     eax, 0A4490EA1h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 6008B975h
xor     eax, 3E59A198h
not     eax
add     eax, 2CB5D366h
not     eax
xor     eax, 899A8377h
xor     eax, 491519C5h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 6C557350h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 28F6A536h
sub     eax, 82D3AE59h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DD67A834h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7F90E482h
sub     eax, 0BC4C2FF2h
sub     eax, 47A6097Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 895461A7h
add     eax, 0F7F206D8h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 122E3C1Ch
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 496F7ECAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DC6441BCh
sub     eax, 57B38D0Eh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 20C80981h
xor     eax, 0C2518846h
xor     eax, 4B91CEBDh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C65DA28h
add     eax, 0C610BB26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E682A647h
sub     eax, 8A56DAB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5C7EE809h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4AABA829h
xor     eax, 2E234989h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E87F7B9Ah
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 34735799h
xor     eax, 0C55678F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 96D8547Fh
sub     eax, 0B4670191h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 92D45491h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5AA5FABEh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0A1D4C7E2h
xor     eax, 3ADAE5FFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D84B94DFh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5DDDC1A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 104AB30Fh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0B6CAB639h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 27F95790h
sub     eax, 720FB373h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 7D9D63C9h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A68D7DDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F6DADEE8h
xor     eax, 28465568h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 2C521C9Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3AD60247h
sub     eax, 0A7EC99A7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 30C2D122h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F2079FFFh
xor     eax, 0B59587E5h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 31E4B1B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0B9349AEAh
sub     eax, 0DC426BEDh
xor     eax, 0FAF65051h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BA8E220Eh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 4EFB0C0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 249A641Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2E070EECh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 73988400h
xor     eax, 0DCFF80FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0C1EF9425h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 21FB21FAh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0CBD9E0BFh
add     eax, 0E026AEAFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 70A65876h
xor     eax, 8E17E695h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 9442BFDFh
sub     eax, 0F0AD4255h
add     eax, 4BCCB8DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0EC5B7644h
sub     eax, 0A3DCE2A6h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 359431A3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 5AAE6BBDh
xor     eax, 6EE85406h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A6E929BDh
add     eax, 0C31A5FB3h
sub     eax, 80A88820h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BF4C5AB5h
add     eax, 0AD003ABAh
sub     eax, 71EC5FC1h
add     eax, 0C6C9745Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8C861D80h
add     eax, 0C3BA2A84h
add     eax, 0C48AFDD3h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E5A8EA5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 77185C12h
xor     eax, 5AF2B45Fh
sub     eax, 0A1AD9B70h
sub     eax, 92B12288h
sub     eax, 21782ED7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5AF26486h
sub     eax, 8BA543F3h
xor     eax, 793E2C5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B37D418Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DE3614A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E73955A2h
xor     eax, 0D5A2944Bh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 91409500h
add     eax, 72C2D3A4h
sub     eax, 8CD3C2CEh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 6F79FEE7h
xor     eax, 0BD13F056h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0AF54B0B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B0617E73h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4554E439h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 62F6ACCEh
add     eax, 29D98E9Ah
add     eax, 0BB3FF7B0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BE3EB28Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 5EB32DE9h
sub     eax, 2D2BC114h
sub     eax, 5A5DBAFBh
add     eax, 0BE7ADE86h
sub     eax, 503C38C1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EC65E9ACh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FF05BAA4h
sub     eax, 73A4D1AAh
not     eax
add     eax, 159B6812h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DEE4BDA7h
sub     eax, 5DA5EC44h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E75EF86h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 5CCC4363h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 321D3715h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F9085BD4h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 136870E1h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A319A9F8h
xor     eax, 0CB113B91h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 4EF8354Dh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 73D085D9h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 5EEFE746h
xor     eax, 0A4D1CFF0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 9FA106D1h
sub     eax, 0B2AA1804h
sub     eax, 0B8C6B99Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 3821D04Ah
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0E8D1F4B4h
add     eax, 0EE4817F9h
xor     eax, 267AD519h
xor     eax, 14E10841h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1A0198A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0CED7FEC2h
add     eax, 3DC93F8Bh
sub     eax, 26BAA485h
add     eax, 54DD2E3Ch
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 9444370Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0F26124C5h
sub     eax, 0F2C5F6CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C302562Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B928EC1Bh
add     eax, 42D8B022h
add     eax, 0BFF0912Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0AFFE8E6Dh
xor     eax, 3C5F23ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E2D8B2CEh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 55F110EFh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 9B920753h
xor     eax, 6BCAD2F5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 7088FB04h
sub     eax, 6648B0D5h
sub     eax, 0FD43EB47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0FE55704Eh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 77620C5Ch
add     eax, 0FC3E323Fh
add     eax, 0A3AED585h
xor     eax, 0FF1AFC19h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 13FE5F32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E116ABA2h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0F35CEE65h
xor     eax, 484FCD85h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 9F5B4432h
sub     eax, 0F05DB07Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1247626Ah
sub     eax, 0E5F83BE3h
not     eax
add     eax, 40D45F50h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 9E10489Dh
sub     eax, 0B24DC813h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 95C549DBh
add     eax, 91068E90h
add     eax, 4EE6763Ch
sub     eax, 0CDF5CEDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 79EB09A3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 862624A9h
sub     eax, 13D50CBCh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3E74A9FBh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 2C4C01F7h
sub     eax, 0E8407336h
sub     eax, 4159C5EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 69E1040Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 12C5FE20h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 9245FD6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4CDC6D57h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 4C5FDA4Eh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 5165A27Dh
add     eax, 0F1A040D9h
xor     eax, 89F8B104h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0C0EFD96Dh
xor     eax, 65C205D7h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5BA6254Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B648C83Eh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 2CA51556h
sub     eax, 0DD3AA3AEh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 10C9A6BAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 39A32D54h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 6A04E8E3h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0BA7A8BB7h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0E6ADDC54h
not     eax
xor     eax, 92F55194h
xor     eax, 0F6192D0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FBB6B274h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B4114132h
xor     eax, 1E76331Dh
add     eax, 0D7BACEE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0B098577Eh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0A0BC84B7h
add     eax, 0EF659FF8h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0B4DC0034h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0ADABF233h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 66623C5Ah
xor     eax, 0C3746DF2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0C6E2B70Dh
add     eax, 0C912C929h
sub     eax, 0DFF10B33h
xor     eax, 0F7417E8Ch
xor     eax, 107375EAh
sub     eax, 647CE4BEh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 6EB53CA1h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0B62FEB21h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0CC764AA1h
not     eax
add     eax, 9EF6E529h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 52445D93h
not     eax
xor     eax, 89546A0Ch
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 51C2311Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 35F92E75h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 937994C4h
add     eax, 0A77D08D7h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 812579EDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C0E15D27h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0C7D5C06Fh
add     eax, 494409EDh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 6AC2FA86h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0B47BE8D9h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 24E4F124h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 2FCF92F1h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 67D7D034h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 784D0939h
xor     eax, 0BA24DD92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A1F33B7Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 74E434A6h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9E17C8D8h
add     eax, 42BF5391h
not     eax
add     eax, 60FA1221h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0D2270D23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 339DD037h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0D437594Dh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 7F5F578Dh
sub     eax, 3CB29C30h
xor     eax, 0E3857BDEh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 5FAB639Bh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 7F9BE420h
xor     eax, 0BEC747BBh
xor     eax, 614B56A8h
add     eax, 741B93C2h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 133939CFh
xor     eax, 349F5B9Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 685B5EB6h
sub     eax, 0E17024E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0A569FEA7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 42F3786Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 45B6B54Ah
add     eax, 0BE474A7Dh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B77C5EFh
sub     eax, 0FC0AA457h
add     eax, 0C712BE46h
xor     eax, 9F524CB0h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0ED115CBCh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 714528FFh
xor     eax, 0C5E2339Ah
sub     eax, 54695056h
xor     eax, 2895934Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A431FD66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 2B824E5Fh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 396A30C6h
not     eax
add     eax, 33B3B800h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0A65792BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CED4827Fh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0A7D9331Ch
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8B958CDFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 59BD029Bh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EE362DC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0EA960690h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 50373F90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 634EB875h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A9F75635h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E01F1798h
xor     eax, 0C456A64Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 15C77AF7h
sub     eax, 60806274h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D6627313h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0DA657115h
sub     eax, 4C9A9AB5h
add     eax, 16215D2Ch
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 0F5D002D5h
xor     eax, 795C40B6h
sub     eax, 0CDC17E09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FEAE1EF1h
sub     eax, 5291790Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9054983Dh
xor     eax, 24F881C6h
add     eax, 0BE6E0FFBh
sub     eax, 800A881Ah
add     eax, 3ACA6757h
xor     eax, 111296B1h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 7F73C217h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 36533685h
xor     eax, 17E1DCD5h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1235899Eh
sub     eax, 0E0165AD9h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0B51F5C82h
sub     eax, 241C5295h
sub     eax, 72BC521Eh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 8C0F875Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 121D681Dh
xor     eax, 0DF40B2D8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0D1D383C8h
xor     eax, 180068B1h
add     eax, 9E66F955h
xor     eax, 5828D5C3h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0EF6449C8h
add     eax, 38B6F938h
sub     eax, 5A52DA4Bh
sub     eax, 0A4F98EC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0CA61607Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 2FCAC2B7h
xor     eax, 0C8DA9971h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0DED239D4h
xor     eax, 0CA33127Eh
add     eax, 0F50A3827h
xor     eax, 0B0DD75A1h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E959901Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D26E2C0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E8707B75h
sub     eax, 0F601E210h
xor     eax, 3ED42ABBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6BB2D316h
xor     eax, 2945BA2Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 17A2BE05h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 4550DE29h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 8B4C0274h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 96CC4A6Ah
xor     eax, 48E24625h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 43CD65CDh
xor     eax, 1B80DD61h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 821B4DD2h
sub     eax, 6163628Eh
sub     eax, 6758147Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 3EC9737Bh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 9F83C5ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CFBE543Dh
xor     eax, 9BFCAA70h
add     eax, 2EEEB930h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 65B3E047h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B4EE4732h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 26A50AC1h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E56F4B4Bh
sub     eax, 3C443BFCh
sub     eax, 0AA40A7E5h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 8C66554Eh
sub     eax, 0FABC8A93h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0F4BB3554h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 258C010Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 8DF659CCh
add     eax, 9F48E9BDh
sub     eax, 8499D394h
xor     eax, 4CAAC722h
sub     eax, 4F2827DDh
xor     eax, 7044E9D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 43E34787h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1C02A198h
sub     eax, 63B42EFBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CEDB8187h
xor     eax, 5770DD10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9CBE5F93h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0EE1C6E19h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0C0AA44DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3762B6AFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7F8412C2h
xor     eax, 7CD59DA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 42FF4664h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0B35331EFh
xor     eax, 3D652186h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 7A4A98DDh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 89FAAEF2h
add     eax, 0D45902E1h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 25D5C074h
xor     eax, 946C110Fh
xor     eax, 581D5CA0h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0D8D96836h
sub     eax, 1DE6206Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E198C543h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0C90C3322h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2CFBE086h
xor     eax, 0BC148452h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 8254BE70h
add     eax, 0C514180Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B1249352h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3A1F2852h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 5684999Ah
sub     eax, 0EED90EFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 900B4422h
xor     eax, 3A17D487h
add     eax, 0D271C0DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BA656833h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0E94C52BEh
sub     eax, 0F5012D7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6E23AD77h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 99ECFBECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 886976F9h
sub     eax, 56A8316Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 5C5EFF3Eh
add     eax, 0ABF15667h
xor     eax, 0FC60B5EDh
sub     eax, 3CB4825Ah
add     eax, 0FA7F3FC9h
sub     eax, 8746C1B2h
sub     eax, 18572D62h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 63C0E3F8h
sub     eax, 4D20006Eh
add     eax, 6CBBFB38h
xor     eax, 357E0A5Bh
xor     eax, 0C4FDC637h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 8174AF68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 6DE428DFh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0DA032B55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 8529E1D2h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0F639CB08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 104E8FE5h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 7ACCD17Bh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 31F666C5h
xor     eax, 21740A55h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0F4B34341h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B47D7E24h
sub     eax, 92A3D731h
xor     eax, 0ABAB7888h
add     eax, 4B59CA0Fh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0EC83D25Ah
sub     eax, 9D09F727h
xor     eax, 0F5685656h
add     eax, 7F7D2D45h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 91501CACh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 8A89BE02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B785F834h
sub     eax, 0C080241Bh
xor     eax, 0E406414Dh
xor     eax, 0A3D2ABEEh
sub     eax, 326D4B57h
sub     eax, 0DB11937Ah
sub     eax, 1857530Bh
add     eax, 870653EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 744713F4h
sub     eax, 0A762BE7Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 3203A790h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0E7553E75h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5CAD1EAAh
xor     eax, 5B44C6B7h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 753B9C34h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C16E6596h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 4BAA24EEh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1AD48BC4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8F5ED378h
sub     eax, 5EF59C52h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DC67D6EDh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 6315B0AFh
xor     eax, 46410133h
add     eax, 80A5C6B9h
xor     eax, 65C8EF09h
add     eax, 0A16318C8h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C1ECE495h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0DBDFC79Bh
add     eax, 0AD20239Fh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 5C2C4561h
xor     eax, 762D95EEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BBE28D11h
xor     eax, 0CF1CEF51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0C632AAC4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1942A2BEh
add     eax, 8FC69013h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 1F9AD530h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B5B7F75Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 15581EAFh
sub     eax, 47B7B3A0h
xor     eax, 83D289C1h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0BBA57574h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 57809E52h
sub     eax, 31D3B5C7h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0FBC5DE41h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 19F3CF45h
add     eax, 0DB7730A5h
sub     eax, 0CDA72A6Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3474EF07h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0BC0CA8EAh
sub     eax, 0AB121269h
xor     eax, 0A56B7C74h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B9269FFCh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 2C382D35h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5365154Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9E611BD1h
add     eax, 0AD152566h
add     eax, 8FAC5349h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6EAEC46Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 635EEB61h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 1257FABDh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A5D53CE9h
xor     eax, 41489CEFh
sub     eax, 0F604EBAAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 53597E86h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0AF6D9C20h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0A5E2F6B6h
add     eax, 0CC3F5DA7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FCABCAF0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F0D35C00h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 917B7E0Eh
sub     eax, 0DC93BE55h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 528FF6F2h
xor     eax, 899C4252h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DE15C674h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0BF53C62Eh
xor     eax, 4ECEAF3Ah
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5E3CAA5Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 6BB570E2h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 41CA2818h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 415664D7h
sub     eax, 6C3DC0DBh
sub     eax, 0C9E23A9Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 1EDEA7F5h
sub     eax, 8DE29F21h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 3D04A066h
xor     eax, 0E4BA638Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 4D92E772h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 73AC1F0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B6413349h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EBBF280Eh
xor     eax, 0BAE51F8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 74C2C441h
add     eax, 2115BC68h
sub     eax, 9B4747A3h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FD3D1AA9h
add     eax, 0EA644985h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 572E0959h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0EE571F5Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0E2A747B5h
sub     eax, 0A3724487h
sub     eax, 0EC976BADh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 8AB21CB1h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 2678F5DDh
xor     eax, 69898242h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 76467003h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0A8D91CD7h
add     eax, 500EA157h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 7A365E2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DBFE4A08h
xor     eax, 7F5C2F1Bh
sub     eax, 0D599EC22h
xor     eax, 0CC743DAFh
add     eax, 3382053Ch
xor     eax, 0C0429B35h
xor     eax, 4D5DEE37h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 9C1EE6BDh
xor     eax, 0ED1DED53h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 21D415BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 598096E0h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2F8D272Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 72A92A92h
add     eax, 0C6EFF376h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A9811595h
sub     eax, 0AAB36249h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0D85C3B5Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 6EE972B6h
add     eax, 4811715Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A4C73937h
not     eax
add     eax, 2810142Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0C85A721Ch
xor     eax, 7FFBEA14h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 262E8CD3h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 3C988B02h
sub     eax, 74D21B03h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0A3060CF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 9B250791h
sub     eax, 0D8F92136h
add     eax, 1BB7BA29h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0CC460F35h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3FC86B17h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DDFF5581h
add     eax, 0D411ADA2h
xor     eax, 16AA9C94h
add     eax, 8BD73C4Ch
xor     eax, 0EE19A493h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0BFB89356h
xor     eax, 2079B0E6h
not     eax
add     eax, 8C810439h
add     eax, 19AEAC54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9AB712D1h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 9E5F4DDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D691BD30h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C6465280h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0E84ABF8Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C5A81A01h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 99A558F8h
xor     eax, 850A496Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0D7273BEFh
xor     eax, 0B10EA866h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 795DD8A4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 681500F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CEE5CE81h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A82C34D6h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3C8D1241h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 483D40C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 5498D59Bh
xor     eax, 5F884F38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6A8C5CE3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7B5E89E7h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 57818E00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5BD8E3E8h
sub     eax, 36072E0Dh
sub     eax, 82FC862Fh
add     eax, 0E3848292h
xor     eax, 0AA071586h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B36B8F79h
sub     eax, 7E68F3D1h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2ADB5720h
xor     eax, 0F086F5A3h
add     eax, 0FB17FF47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2E926CABh
sub     eax, 0C8A43066h
add     eax, 0BE144E09h
sub     eax, 0B11A9035h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B1702673h
add     eax, 8CEA83FBh
xor     eax, 60D6EA2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 2F1AF0CCh
add     eax, 352D1BA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6329933Eh
add     eax, 54EEB789h
add     eax, 0CEDA92B3h
sub     eax, 695C2B0Bh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 8D4F0DABh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0FD8243B7h
sub     eax, 0F3EA7A85h
sub     eax, 319148C3h
add     eax, 0E92C840Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 33C6CACFh
xor     eax, 50D80671h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CBC6C369h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 7F4C1B62h
sub     eax, 1A86A226h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 623FE164h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 72A28428h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 8967B601h
add     eax, 0D6EC04CCh
xor     eax, 7E09E6C8h
sub     eax, 0DB74A445h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 65E0F2C2h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 81287F2Bh
sub     eax, 0FD7D9976h
add     eax, 40BF6E3Eh
sub     eax, 0F647CF32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A42489A6h
sub     eax, 3773C354h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 620D0249h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AB1C16F8h
add     eax, 41DCB491h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 849C3318h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 50086B9Ah
add     eax, 8A51418Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 41CC903Ch
add     eax, 0CFF1720Ah
sub     eax, 6E03D450h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 1BCD9CF2h
sub     eax, 5CEFA478h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 11290C0Ch
xor     eax, 0E8ED4914h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0D0495132h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0B318C186h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F7F0290Dh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 3FC0F866h
sub     eax, 5494D67Dh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0FBEEE667h
sub     eax, 0AEB57C25h
xor     eax, 7FFB542Bh
sub     eax, 8F80C5C1h
add     eax, 0FD738CACh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 7B91BF8Dh
xor     eax, 2D6637A4h
add     eax, 0F584A1E1h
sub     eax, 32C68FEDh
xor     eax, 0C33CB8B4h
sub     eax, 0FE6161DBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0FA1D0D03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E929F3C7h
xor     eax, 856CF45Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 1C554721h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0DB98E612h
xor     eax, 34267005h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 2F5A0E4Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 79B157EAh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 7F126F58h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0A1B53285h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1D17CA7Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 328DE51Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 39E90756h
sub     eax, 0A5E8F32Dh
sub     eax, 629FD394h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 28663445h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 636EBABFh
add     eax, 0E8A54039h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BDBD75BEh
xor     eax, 0DA699167h
add     eax, 0AB5204ABh
add     eax, 0BFD16EC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 453D46ADh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 0EF7CDA13h
xor     eax, 1576F010h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 6D7AC0A8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1D3F7F11h
sub     eax, 6BF7ECF2h
xor     eax, 159E85D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 99E3E96Ch
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0CFC2EB0Eh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0C6BACDD0h
sub     eax, 8ED1ECF2h
xor     eax, 74200D9Eh
add     eax, 3C6F3133h
sub     eax, 9D648680h
sub     eax, 662438DBh
xor     eax, 0E36B81D5h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 548685FBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4AFD7DD7h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0B0EFEF35h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2788D538h
sub     eax, 7C190C6Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 91DC38B8h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 1FDD7B9Dh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0A538D292h
xor     eax, 84D43A22h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D6DCC758h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 45A19D32h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7BD79DB3h
add     eax, 5D6D4268h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 105B91C3h
sub     eax, 9EC019A4h
xor     eax, 0E667156Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 664A8518h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0EB1E4A71h
add     eax, 7FE6B829h
sub     eax, 2C5C6C97h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 87848A79h
add     eax, 0F481EAFFh
add     eax, 4FCF58B1h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0D5E84F48h
sub     eax, 6F764210h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8AB85330h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 63A20C15h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0DEBDB506h
add     eax, 0A5471509h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BFB62DE1h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 33164B68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 71044ABFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DA8A8DC3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0EB3DC0E1h
xor     eax, 9E4F85A1h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0F0CC8246h
xor     eax, 0FC75AA7Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0BAFE6DE4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6F248F58h
add     eax, 37CEA310h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EFF68CA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F9BAFC32h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7277661Fh
xor     eax, 8B4A50BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 775DDF4Ah
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 7A380C56h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2CAF39A5h
xor     eax, 7C35507Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 196694B1h
xor     eax, 4B2F4F2Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D048D770h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 58BB56ABh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B9CEE2E7h
sub     eax, 0C7F06C47h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 6CAEF18Ah
sub     eax, 0E3577668h
sub     eax, 0B5362566h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E6F9C7BDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A975E1E5h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0FE0F7DEAh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A871AEE9h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 314DB029h
sub     eax, 2A0EEC82h
xor     eax, 0C7B9A84Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4A186D32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 101B94A6h
add     eax, 60A8792Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C28310DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FA74E753h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 706A77FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CE0EADD7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 554E109Ch
sub     eax, 35B73CA5h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0DC4680B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 101060D5h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 168479A0h
not     eax
add     eax, 557426D2h
sub     eax, 0A6CB3164h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 9FEE3455h
xor     eax, 33DDCAD1h
xor     eax, 94BFF275h
sub     eax, 36AE0E23h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0B1F5978Fh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 629C9560h
xor     eax, 0B4B9F599h
add     eax, 7140CC1Fh
sub     eax, 0EE9F7A39h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2C57F6B2h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 677164BDh
add     eax, 6243E6F9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 80658599h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 916ED294h
sub     eax, 0A1332528h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 56372692h
xor     eax, 3647C86Dh
sub     eax, 0B6374834h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 59D861E9h
sub     eax, 3F6E6830h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E64C8C28h
xor     eax, 2C615741h
xor     eax, 36A19539h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 1879125Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D9A3D348h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 74C03B88h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7C50C9FCh
add     eax, 1EFBAC99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 85B12DA4h
xor     eax, 0D056AD5Eh
xor     eax, 0D2EAC172h
sub     eax, 0E5173851h
sub     eax, 393F2111h
sub     eax, 0C100ABA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DB2455EBh
xor     eax, 2056F8FDh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 38B3B82Ch
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 96DB267Bh
xor     eax, 1732C95Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 46AA1044h
xor     eax, 0D2CED22Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 7DF91064h
add     eax, 17D8925Dh
xor     eax, 0B0DAD9E9h
add     eax, 0ED5C75CDh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0A3CE622Dh
add     eax, 56BD1DC4h
xor     eax, 2F175CE9h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 7AF937EDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AF0995FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C06CCBC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BBD2D263h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 546D4649h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F44C3ECBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B81D0A13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 55526130h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0AEC810A8h
sub     eax, 0A4136D68h
add     eax, 20320D11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7C6F1C84h
xor     eax, 0D57F3DAAh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 7FEBF635h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DC154808h
not     eax
sub     eax, 61504822h
sub     eax, 61B62878h
xor     eax, 0BDAD3F71h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 97B46EAFh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 0F2E6210Ah
sub     eax, 67AA312Bh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0F13B4853h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ACFEDFECh
not     eax
sub     eax, 85343DE5h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 88AA7F5Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B4F37A5Fh
add     eax, 0ABEAFEEDh
sub     eax, 0E56BB894h
sub     eax, 1A3FB0D8h
add     eax, 0C7EB4C4Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E74E4926h
add     eax, 0E37EE7CEh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 743F8DB7h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0AEE92A43h
add     eax, 38138013h
add     eax, 307B5944h
add     eax, 66FA47A7h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 9683B4BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 61983AE6h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 1E36F8D7h
sub     eax, 77E09D19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AF1A419Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C859C00Eh
xor     eax, 0F542337Ah
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 9BCA3AA7h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F36636ACh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 154599F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 5B6FF579h
sub     eax, 0F7ACCC82h
add     eax, 0B575BC05h
sub     eax, 5613C0EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4E0FFF92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 12B82C55h
add     eax, 9A77D9B2h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 8FAD12F2h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 3D5869F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 53C5D0FCh
add     eax, 0CFFC9F0Bh
xor     eax, 0B824E9A6h
xor     eax, 8977F3CCh
xor     eax, 7395B6CEh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 34B3E280h
sub     eax, 0C80F5863h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0CB596E1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 95D62D7Fh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 21051B58h
not     eax
sub     eax, 380A3411h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 3D68F3FBh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 27975185h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 9E70B0EEh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 3EC97B25h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0FCCED55Fh
xor     eax, 0D9F8994Eh
xor     eax, 0BF852553h
xor     eax, 7C7E52B7h
add     eax, 1F5A48C4h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 728EA91Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AE7FAF29h
add     eax, 0E84955DFh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6237B6C6h
sub     eax, 2774FF76h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A40F3A9Bh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 5FE9AB2Bh
add     eax, 39F5FFA7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DC8C2F2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0E2EA4318h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7938CAF6h
sub     eax, 39F354C7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 611AFF0Bh
xor     eax, 0A083F511h
xor     eax, 8FC9E568h
add     eax, 0B3E4CD57h
add     eax, 0F8648F92h
xor     eax, 9E0DD2D5h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 526C6536h
xor     eax, 23FA61F0h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0D9EEA048h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0EDEDB57Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F249A9E2h
xor     eax, 8D13C92Bh
add     eax, 410059DBh
add     eax, 0B4469E03h
add     eax, 17B80384h
add     eax, 0BAD96C9Ah
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0BFF6B819h
sub     eax, 754050F6h
not     eax
add     eax, 935CE649h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 38B3D375h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 17DAAE0Bh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 833DC20Fh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8410FBCEh
add     eax, 3EB19412h
sub     eax, 93DD5C1Eh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A46549C1h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 8083E6BBh
add     eax, 19069D52h
sub     eax, 0C50DB5F4h
xor     eax, 0FB9ECCA0h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 43235C2Ch
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 57066923h
xor     eax, 64E1F8DBh
add     eax, 4D09DB6Ch
add     eax, 8E052E14h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 16E44377h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 655BA519h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 6FC14885h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0EA96D9C0h
sub     eax, 391B326Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BFDD4B6Ch
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0E772847Ah
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 9AB71357h
add     eax, 8E1AE988h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CACC21E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 9F0B8327h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 7EB670F7h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 523E899Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 1F43160Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C1279DFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 16A7A7EAh
sub     eax, 7AD33E55h
xor     eax, 23A1CA68h
xor     eax, 0A3F17E48h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3DD7EDFEh
xor     eax, 968973FFh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 84843AC7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6D5218A8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 38448150h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 89A908C0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CC8F44F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E1BA37A9h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 5FE872B1h
xor     eax, 0A9689B32h
xor     eax, 78D70BFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 429D6F79h
not     eax
add     eax, 290B07E3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 76392BC0h
sub     eax, 4E9CC81Ah
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0B45FA774h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 43AC8E16h
xor     eax, 0D6564CF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D3BD3BCDh
sub     eax, 2D8FC5ACh
xor     eax, 0EFFC5B68h
sub     eax, 90841BEEh
xor     eax, 29CC3DFAh
sub     eax, 1BE15D88h
sub     eax, 125C2A93h
add     eax, 97C10ED7h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 89055788h
add     eax, 64A89F49h
sub     eax, 68AF7609h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 7A7B7242h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A2385FCAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 72A7CD37h
sub     eax, 87957968h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0DAEC400Fh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 540185D6h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 2DB5B85Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 803ADA64h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0F58DE014h
xor     eax, 0E3C1FFD0h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0D49D5081h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 19CB6478h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 13D4C997h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 505B463Fh
xor     eax, 274E9E8Eh
xor     eax, 0F5DAD6FBh
xor     eax, 2A510B16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AB59DBCCh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0EC2C8F79h
xor     eax, 0E4D99C5Eh
xor     eax, 0CB7D5023h
add     eax, 767640ADh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DBE3C057h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0E0A95F6Dh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 378E5B82h
xor     eax, 0D6B255D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 20D2737Eh
add     eax, 0C6B0E38Ah
add     eax, 6FD64904h
xor     eax, 52D99BACh
add     eax, 0F6595C86h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5C0AE7C8h
xor     eax, 4B67C695h
add     eax, 944102BCh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D98B2918h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0C6BDC528h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1823517Fh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 93DA0B34h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 7AC2F997h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 203E5D3Fh
xor     eax, 7A1DAABAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BF005166h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0E84F531Eh
add     eax, 1116C181h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4E816D4Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0FBADA0AEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 179227E7h
xor     eax, 14831D7Dh
xor     eax, 9EF60C73h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CE4F5DDBh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 219DD650h
xor     eax, 0AC52EDD2h
xor     eax, 350D79A8h
xor     eax, 83A992C7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A8495E1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 5F664DA9h
sub     eax, 8764510Bh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 5089395Eh
add     eax, 46FBF1A2h
xor     eax, 4F3E5C03h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 2324ECE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3115316h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 49EAFAC3h
xor     eax, 0B57BBCDDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0E550439Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 7D5D4E0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D4F23BA0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 89D244D3h
sub     eax, 679F0A07h
add     eax, 0DFBBBD5Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C8CFE8A9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1BF2C12Bh
xor     eax, 0E70B0D54h
sub     eax, 77DFDFC3h
xor     eax, 658CA437h
sub     eax, 0A0E8A14Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 54EF47ABh
xor     eax, 9649166Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 992EC104h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0ED6071FDh
add     eax, 61B2715Fh
xor     eax, 0D81A4EF4h
add     eax, 92F45EEAh
add     eax, 0D9EFE1CCh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0BFCC1952h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 242DAD2Eh
xor     eax, 0D09A4876h
add     eax, 289BF639h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2A453A5Eh
xor     eax, 6B551A56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 53AB398Eh
sub     eax, 0A5D2F131h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4170698Ah
sub     eax, 856C1417h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 1D6643BDh
sub     eax, 2F4D61BAh
sub     eax, 5283DC93h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E5FD6CCBh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 34372448h
xor     eax, 1FA9AC17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 9CCE9148h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0AF3EE1BCh
add     eax, 5CE43DF1h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 2E60DF2Ah
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0BA30970Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0F84E6BA3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 7BBBFE7Bh
xor     eax, 792BB897h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B1088B6Ch
sub     eax, 6365FE45h
add     eax, 0F87F19AEh
xor     eax, 2978A3A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 32046299h
sub     eax, 4D35B19Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 31664DE5h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0CD958197h
xor     eax, 64036CFFh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0EB1E7B46h
xor     eax, 0F8524ED0h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0D6BE6E82h
add     eax, 2F4F1874h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 10B87E63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8796B1DAh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C4FD04D4h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0F80D91E6h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 74FD9DABh
sub     eax, 523350B9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0E75F8A02h
xor     eax, 1FAD656Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 831CC54Fh
xor     eax, 133A08FFh
sub     eax, 5848C791h
sub     eax, 0E3BFE946h
xor     eax, 0B7BDE741h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 10DA76F9h
add     eax, 0A2DC405Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8AC642F9h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EC7D6D0Ah
sub     eax, 0AC5A3433h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 60434E81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0C25856F0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 7F8501F6h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0F796690Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FD21EA62h
xor     eax, 289BA69Bh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 557C3043h
xor     eax, 0EFE40F95h
xor     eax, 0AEF164BCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F1C8DC65h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F6BAE74Fh
xor     eax, 0CAB14B34h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 33353446h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 9E3756BDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FC9E7142h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 27FF02A3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 599A0CB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0F9FC242Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AC6D448Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 468349ADh
sub     eax, 0C2D0FE4Bh
sub     eax, 5DE97676h
add     eax, 0BAED488Eh
add     eax, 0E9335C81h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 843F3E93h
xor     eax, 77AEA7BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8D76E497h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FF7B414Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A0913A64h
sub     eax, 841F6607h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 9D80265Eh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 5428B1A8h
sub     eax, 0C8A82653h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 83A091ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 7F859718h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 6F2CFF71h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7FF1946Dh
sub     eax, 89137E39h
xor     eax, 0C0A4292Ch
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0ACE9AFDAh
sub     eax, 26F7F983h
xor     eax, 1DEE1073h
xor     eax, 7EC0194Eh
sub     eax, 0D12AA3EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0CC6B664Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 89596054h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 587A0CA8h
xor     eax, 4F47D06Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0B91ABBC6h
sub     eax, 0EE7FA5FDh
sub     eax, 0CA210EFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 4509CA60h
xor     eax, 793C5A28h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 274D0C1Ah
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 6F60BC36h
sub     eax, 4B9B8FE4h
sub     eax, 0A97A96D3h
sub     eax, 8CB0F826h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 472EB3D1h
sub     eax, 11FCF10Ah
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0BC30D431h
xor     eax, 0A8A82753h
sub     eax, 9ADE9F4Dh
xor     eax, 0BBA0EF32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D608C5E6h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0CF40EBEDh
not     eax
add     eax, 3E3F3774h
xor     eax, 52A4ADCCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 335F23A6h
xor     eax, 86560C85h
sub     eax, 0AF590F0Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 7558F685h
xor     eax, 22CA8FD1h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0B7465CEEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 9837710Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 9235389Eh
add     eax, 0DC943C79h
sub     eax, 15BB5693h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7C0B27B0h
add     eax, 0E15BD78Dh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 9BAA67EFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 873A3669h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 51A4DCC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0BC84BDFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 50E9E01Fh
sub     eax, 0C0D4E27Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 486C1245h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 6A306CC9h
sub     eax, 0ADBE1911h
not     eax
xor     eax, 87F27133h
xor     eax, 681F9AACh
sub     eax, 8CE768BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DFDE3D5Eh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 1667A8A3h
xor     eax, 638C818Fh
xor     eax, 9798CD78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 2A86A397h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E4E7C47Eh
add     eax, 0EFBB11D8h
xor     eax, 0B95A7038h
add     eax, 330B4CEFh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7F0BAF35h
sub     eax, 0D5D86605h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6D46697Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 15D58E11h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 18456109h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FB5BF3DFh
add     eax, 12AA3B3Eh
xor     eax, 0CB491D91h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D7961E46h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0CB8526F3h
add     eax, 4F285860h
xor     eax, 5659C96Fh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 5B504983h
add     eax, 4836EA93h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 153DF715h
sub     eax, 0A05A54DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B7BEAE13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C2EABC20h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 22413704h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 911792CFh
add     eax, 5BAF8E8Eh
sub     eax, 0D88412ECh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 406F3ADEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0B97A54F9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 1E819F05h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0DD8C292Ch
xor     eax, 2FAAB187h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 3CE240D9h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 8D455E78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9E5C0EB2h
xor     eax, 0E24A08EFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F2255C7Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 6CC68224h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C6FB4C49h
xor     eax, 57998070h
add     eax, 72F7FC25h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 90739920h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 21FD1A55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D08A2DB8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 32A44D9Ah
add     eax, 8BB65FB7h
sub     eax, 28259AA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5DB4CA22h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0A1F81FCAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 620C8053h
sub     eax, 160282C7h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 910EEE40h
sub     eax, 485AC70Ah
sub     eax, 0BF347201h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6B8F1D79h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 8664CE26h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 9D6BF77Eh
add     eax, 0FEDB629Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 31884297h
xor     eax, 83F11460h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 768F3B0Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D66E90A6h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 8B75BCD1h
sub     eax, 0DD2D52BBh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 356253FFh
sub     eax, 83181F25h
add     eax, 885054A9h
sub     eax, 9B7FF271h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3FA465BFh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B65B5068h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 33563605h
sub     eax, 0A1A63E66h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 15AF8FCBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A0EA389h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5D78CAC0h
xor     eax, 1A4DC4DBh
xor     eax, 826603F5h
add     eax, 1043F6AEh
add     eax, 2363A85Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 75A1D082h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DD962482h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0D2737C04h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 3411101Dh
xor     eax, 3CB5B9A1h
add     eax, 313ECD0Ch
xor     eax, 0DA640C72h
xor     eax, 0AB09EE01h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B0A94264h
not     eax
xor     eax, 86400EE0h
sub     eax, 92EA6474h
add     eax, 425A05E3h
sub     eax, 0F78C809Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 385198FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A7482979h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 9940C7C7h
add     eax, 892EC5A5h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 0E97F3B2Eh
xor     eax, 0D7B2309Bh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5E7EE842h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0E119F451h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0EED21EDDh
add     eax, 5B956D73h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 13BC0230h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 72AB352Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 8A62CEE3h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 3A464965h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7F14B09Bh
add     eax, 1C1A9951h
add     eax, 0A74897F0h
xor     eax, 0D2FEB259h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 971FDFF4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 677A4B08h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 908C8624h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0F8F604A0h
xor     eax, 47A52752h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0EA7D3780h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 79D3014Bh
add     eax, 9185BAFBh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0E1AB458Ch
xor     eax, 71BDBB1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 4C148023h
xor     eax, 0CE5AD977h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C19B8843h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 7C428C94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 9042605Eh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 388CAB4Fh
add     eax, 0F511F718h
not     eax
add     eax, 8BD2E184h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 36E4C67Dh
xor     eax, 5CBF9EDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ABC27E08h
add     eax, 49A6AA60h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DD821951h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 7CCC6845h
xor     eax, 0A568543Dh
add     eax, 0FC7FCBEAh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 1000E852h
sub     eax, 3448FAF9h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 592D098Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FC2A52F1h
sub     eax, 0B000274Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0A0DE77CBh
sub     eax, 8577B7E9h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0B507EFD2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B560A2Dh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0CDBEEDD4h
xor     eax, 501D812Ah
sub     eax, 2C02DF19h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 77D35948h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8CED067Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F9481DE6h
sub     eax, 0DD84F8A2h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 13885F80h
xor     eax, 3C7722D6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7F19AA66h
xor     eax, 52CA1551h
sub     eax, 0FCAAD54Bh
xor     eax, 7AD859DCh
sub     eax, 0EA2EDC66h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 5624583Eh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0E2B4D2FCh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 91A2F90Fh
sub     eax, 2F6301BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 83692B80h
xor     eax, 0C8F8C07Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7B196013h
add     eax, 668710B2h
add     eax, 959DD7D9h
add     eax, 0AC1EFB71h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0F7E33994h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 3889D171h
sub     eax, 425A4E7Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B980B6E9h
add     eax, 0D637BB00h
xor     eax, 8EB5F100h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C16CE80Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 931691B6h
xor     eax, 496C51A1h
sub     eax, 0F5C6C91Fh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0EFECAE91h
add     eax, 0F18596E8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 8776AD3Eh
xor     eax, 0B747D84Dh
add     eax, 903A06DEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 112CE0D1h
not     eax
add     eax, 7EB022B9h
xor     eax, 0E1C2D7B5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0FADA3FB1h
sub     eax, 0BC6E1D5Bh
sub     eax, 656B0CB8h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 48F952A6h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 584B739Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0CAF6A8BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E0ADD1D0h
add     eax, 9ABEA7ABh
add     eax, 51365DE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8D32C73Dh
xor     eax, 0B60DCBAAh
add     eax, 5715B5E4h
add     eax, 9758DEBFh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6CC9A06Ch
xor     eax, 290440B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0CFF26C53h
add     eax, 31AB82D0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 71F5CF06h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 1196BD96h
add     eax, 0E94A8F83h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0F9983B90h
xor     eax, 296A7361h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 483F58A5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7F2CF7D0h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 8D5FB05Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 631D4465h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 7AFD3BE6h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 5B416FB0h
xor     eax, 3932728Dh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 8EDEA1A1h
add     eax, 3DF19722h
add     eax, 2B96FBD5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 14A02F9Eh
sub     eax, 0C5C43D58h
xor     eax, 0BAEF4C66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0D1C2FA38h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BF8960B4h
add     eax, 0A1115C57h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 45258B6Eh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0CE3D2A3Ch
xor     eax, 0A25CCB10h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 53B028E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8D7D28B8h
xor     eax, 20F19C29h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0B6CB1C17h
sub     eax, 0DD1FE2B3h
xor     eax, 0ED633A73h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BEDA2D13h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0DE7DEC72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9C5E45A9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 77D6578Ch
add     eax, 0EF0A27A9h
add     eax, 0A361899Ah
xor     eax, 8333A796h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 703A8B3Ah
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0DDDD9BA2h
xor     eax, 0E3706AADh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6B75F5FDh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 2FF5DFFDh
sub     eax, 0E039B818h
not     eax
add     eax, 3FCB0936h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 97E45C16h
sub     eax, 5CE33F0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 195F4CEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0AFDCA639h
add     eax, 97F934B9h
xor     eax, 0C01D05C5h
add     eax, 0C0565B37h
xor     eax, 3A4F73D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1216177Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 49DCF781h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0A6BF2E22h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0D23C6396h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AB6A90CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 6DFDD99Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0FB163EFBh
sub     eax, 47B5FDF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2057B74Ch
xor     eax, 0D55AF2B2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9C470634h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 402971DDh
sub     eax, 4C55C23Ch
xor     eax, 0F3CD7D08h
add     eax, 0B1DBA710h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ED7DD134h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 440B42E4h
sub     eax, 81E3F8F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 62FFB2C6h
xor     eax, 10C057F4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 29E68FD4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0E6FB94AAh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0B08F34CEh
sub     eax, 7A184726h
add     eax, 8B9F99FFh
sub     eax, 681FACA5h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 4B651160h
sub     eax, 21E3E98Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 40E97CC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EF56C913h
xor     eax, 0C11CF8A8h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CA67EDDFh
add     eax, 0A32660FCh
xor     eax, 754F0C4Fh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 704158AEh
sub     eax, 9DAA9961h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E12D3CFCh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0E98F6A8Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 62E43E75h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0A878BFBFh
xor     eax, 0EC150296h
sub     eax, 0CA82E001h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA871C88h
not     eax
add     eax, 234164FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EA5B4C45h
sub     eax, 9DE6E68Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 219BB515h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 8F42720Ah
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 6A392394h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AEC72096h
sub     eax, 0DD8C7856h
sub     eax, 8E0D4368h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0BACBFE76h
xor     eax, 9CDD9EDDh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 252002F4h
sub     eax, 0D8681603h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DC799739h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7721C9CBh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0C6D77024h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B453C17Ah
add     eax, 84A25453h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0F3E76DEEh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0AA632DE3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 243AE139h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0F04F617Dh
add     eax, 73F4E0EEh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 1D9B12B6h
sub     eax, 2365975Eh
add     eax, 0F76CD3CEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 224DACB3h
sub     eax, 5C220EA0h
add     eax, 0C240ABC5h
add     eax, 124C12FBh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0D19E722Ch
sub     eax, 1BADC4F1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 13A5DAB6h
sub     eax, 0FC860B81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A7DCBA6Bh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E3317780h
xor     eax, 233A1CC4h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0ADBD9AD9h
sub     eax, 57CB4B8Bh
sub     eax, 174FBF7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 575DC5F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B16DD582h
add     eax, 0F6A8EE8Ah
add     eax, 28B03BA5h
xor     eax, 0B9ABCDF9h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 15E054B2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 971AB860h
add     eax, 429AE735h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0A6894CD1h
sub     eax, 0F3F39CA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A846B735h
sub     eax, 6D4D83EFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F1361BEEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0C38DD807h
sub     eax, 84D7D107h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5910082Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A48BA27Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0D41D9B32h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 4094C935h
sub     eax, 0A923C7B9h
add     eax, 831303A2h
add     eax, 0B453EE5Dh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0DC276B4Ch
xor     eax, 509151D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0F7728471h
xor     eax, 8D8BC458h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 4E591A6Fh
sub     eax, 16114773h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B94F6E39h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 474CF15Ah
sub     eax, 0C783249Fh
xor     eax, 0D7A2409Ch
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 27968C95h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4B8065B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 48E82E22h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 22028F6Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 673B55EFh
xor     eax, 773B7895h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 5CA4E86Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0BAC63056h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 536E4928h
xor     eax, 1F0CADF3h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0DF723CA5h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 84700FCBh
add     eax, 866AECFBh
add     eax, 0A1DE8C2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B032E161h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F3181110h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 95F49C09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7EA06BDFh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C5D1AE0Bh
sub     eax, 0E1A7F914h
sub     eax, 414CAB40h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 942AEC4Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B20D8A53h
add     eax, 61AC62B0h
sub     eax, 0B7C3FE04h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3B35A3C0h
sub     eax, 5446C7B2h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 9FE997C1h
sub     eax, 78A8592Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 20A97D29h
xor     eax, 0D47D6D7Dh
xor     eax, 88D83421h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0C2EFE6E3h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 2BB7B4E8h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0D8F5BC1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EFD30BA7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DF889611h
sub     eax, 25AD837Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 539037F7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A20595F1h
xor     eax, 0A1F340B4h
sub     eax, 1A99327Dh
sub     eax, 5C658883h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E9F24D8Fh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0F8BEDBD5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 35D184D2h
xor     eax, 0E2226135h
add     eax, 0B21B411Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 663BBD70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4905A2C4h
xor     eax, 0C4A0007Ah
sub     eax, 3A897C6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B9A1D1DBh
sub     eax, 8800A758h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 53E87EA0h
sub     eax, 0BE230720h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DA3127C7h
sub     eax, 0E6F7DFFAh
xor     eax, 59A90B95h
add     eax, 0E29C201Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 366109D3h
add     eax, 0CF87826Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5ABFD126h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D063EC40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D828C725h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0CACD78A7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 878FCD27h
sub     eax, 907510FBh
add     eax, 0D7056EF8h
xor     eax, 0EC985425h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 7B4F2E69h
xor     eax, 0AE8E5A43h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 63C11D93h
xor     eax, 5D89A861h
add     eax, 0A7C7B7B3h
sub     eax, 235FECB0h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0C3256CC6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7058D6CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 304F961Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 5333BD99h
sub     eax, 0ED286CB9h
add     eax, 2572B747h
not     eax
sub     eax, 64A13328h
sub     eax, 785E0C47h
xor     eax, 83013AD8h
add     eax, 95BBE963h
add     eax, 1C3C295Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7F25E521h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5BA84D7Fh
xor     eax, 233D75EFh
sub     eax, 6CF7D861h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FBAC89BDh
add     eax, 25388A82h
xor     eax, 694FCBD8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B3E563BDh
xor     eax, 0DD129B36h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 5915C52Ch
sub     eax, 5A2720B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0D51D0F42h
add     eax, 0F50F8538h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0A039921Ch
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0C9C503FCh
add     eax, 670F6040h
sub     eax, 62E801F7h
xor     eax, 0C3E3A358h
sub     eax, 65F02CACh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 9B54F5C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 17D20E6Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0A0499FC0h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 909503A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 1D2EC09Dh
xor     eax, 65027FDEh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EC4CFD28h
xor     eax, 0FFAE6C87h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 4DB8BDDAh
add     eax, 5EE32E94h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0A5786767h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0E7A0C953h
add     eax, 0B573FF16h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CE445A52h
sub     eax, 7E27A4DBh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0B73744BBh
add     eax, 7A0A81F6h
xor     eax, 96D57CEDh
add     eax, 0EE63960Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 950F092Ch
add     eax, 0B90E62C9h
add     eax, 85F7CFFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0D1B17259h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 4F06844Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EE3F4B9Dh
sub     eax, 0BB57383Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0B5C1E3CFh
xor     eax, 0C83CDEFEh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0E8AAC19Bh
add     eax, 94E33CFFh
xor     eax, 6B0D5208h
not     eax
sub     eax, 689B2B21h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 686878F7h
sub     eax, 46DF3386h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 7541E21Fh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 79A7A45Eh
xor     eax, 46397D91h
sub     eax, 0B7DD3BC5h
sub     eax, 40619465h
sub     eax, 30128A00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1002A0AAh
sub     eax, 38F5BEB0h
xor     eax, 0F17D5287h
add     eax, 797008F7h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 9C3AE2A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 81AEF17Eh
add     eax, 0BDD73623h
sub     eax, 18F2600Dh
sub     eax, 0B42494B2h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6752B144h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CED302A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AAB838D0h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1736AD49h
add     eax, 0A41883E2h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B7D1C7D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DE90D3FEh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 8DDBD5FDh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4D44BDD5h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 50EED890h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0CFDA2F1Ch
add     eax, 0F862F0E8h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0E7D6CCD6h
xor     eax, 3432DC7Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B41B8562h
sub     eax, 58DDE4E5h
xor     eax, 64A44CB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 203293A2h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E63954B3h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3CB0C54Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 67390373h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0F624BE86h
sub     eax, 5BC07449h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 254115F2h
xor     eax, 2CCCDE4Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0D431FBCEh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 4B990558h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0FC91591Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 602DD53Dh
xor     eax, 0AE5F823Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A4AE4277h
xor     eax, 0AE640812h
xor     eax, 0E8FBC8FEh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 2EBE8D9Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 726A5C3Ah
sub     eax, 0E5E0027Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 7C8C072Eh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 532D8765h
sub     eax, 9A358317h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 18440733h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 3FD60D05h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C5A99C44h
add     eax, 5A0DC829h
sub     eax, 5C693B76h
add     eax, 0DB7DB27Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 867C24FEh
xor     eax, 352EC43Dh
xor     eax, 0D2FAFD99h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 1E11C96Ch
xor     eax, 0E2BAFCA4h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 6EC822CFh
xor     eax, 493A8E64h
sub     eax, 30B1DC18h
xor     eax, 0ECBC4831h
sub     eax, 0BC9A70E1h
add     eax, 56C07AF1h
add     eax, 87950B5Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0B5FD0936h
xor     eax, 0E2813850h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A8EF1947h
add     eax, 8E950180h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 42460BFEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 79D8FF5Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D887280Eh
add     eax, 14FF9744h
sub     eax, 77998E1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 656DF6BFh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 959FC418h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 50AE6FB4h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0D2EBBE77h
add     eax, 11538F57h
add     eax, 378F8303h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0ACA0CECBh
add     eax, 9F0FAB89h
sub     eax, 2D98162Ch
sub     eax, 125376D2h
xor     eax, 0CD0D5E52h
xor     eax, 94BC98D7h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AF4F0B7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E3EB169Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7ECF66F0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 90779322h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 8310A519h
add     eax, 42EA0C31h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 7864B449h
add     eax, 5CFB1B84h
sub     eax, 6C539E2Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F3291AB5h
add     eax, 251914A6h
sub     eax, 0A7A0FD01h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 693C0BAFh
xor     eax, 10F079D9h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 444CC1D6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DE4B8DB4h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 1197588Dh
sub     eax, 94CBA9DEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0A20E843Dh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 6CA503BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 759C2A9Ah
add     eax, 0FE5951EFh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 33D03F5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DD9D7941h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0AB7DD0F6h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7A9F87A7h
add     eax, 6E438588h
xor     eax, 0E5085960h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 340C3442h
add     eax, 7E2E6C46h
sub     eax, 614ADA11h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 28A89D91h
sub     eax, 69E3E8CEh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0ADAE38ECh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0A32EC0DDh
xor     eax, 0DE632575h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 6B388A1Fh
add     eax, 0D0550C4Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0D3B4012Dh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 6DD088A5h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0DFC2642Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 84E37946h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AE1CC2D8h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CB0737FAh
sub     eax, 0D4525D55h
sub     eax, 0F1EB924Fh
xor     eax, 320AFE05h
sub     eax, 1F216CCCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 209CDEE3h
add     eax, 563F709Fh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C9245E8Ah
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 708F8849h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 1A170B75h
xor     eax, 0A47AF876h
add     eax, 1ECDAA7Ch
sub     eax, 9E2E32A7h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 66994531h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 8D80CD41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3FF257F7h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7FC17925h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0BA0FE889h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 9EF30DB7h
add     eax, 72A905FEh
add     eax, 0D511D8BDh
xor     eax, 2BBEFB11h
add     eax, 0E2F9B72Ch
add     eax, 64100AE6h
sub     eax, 3B22040Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D133FB1Eh
add     eax, 0EAACBF6Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 612C1D02h
xor     eax, 0D318F374h
xor     eax, 533FC258h
sub     eax, 0F35EEB8Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 66222318h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C8E07952h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0B6F3CA3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8F70F924h
xor     eax, 93D280B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 70F998C0h
sub     eax, 0C94E7171h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 686FFDA2h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 7E04F9ABh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9524643Bh
add     eax, 15662F8Bh
sub     eax, 0FB53BEA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 39E0B96Dh
xor     eax, 5FFCD1E4h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8D50DBD0h
add     eax, 0D0B26F7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FAB461ABh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 347F24DEh
add     eax, 14094E08h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 9701B97Ch
add     eax, 5D62C911h
xor     eax, 3946CB27h
sub     eax, 4BCC36B5h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0E0993FA9h
sub     eax, 8637EBDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CE541718h
xor     eax, 6E380403h
sub     eax, 0F49186E8h
sub     eax, 0A205341Fh
sub     eax, 0C99D240Eh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 40442884h
not     eax
xor     eax, 341F883Fh
xor     eax, 9B7CDA4Fh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 52DAA65Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0F8703EE4h
xor     eax, 235F13ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AC42A83Dh
xor     eax, 1ADBF3ADh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5EF1C68Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0A71A5FE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FC7F26DCh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0A3EB4333h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0A6379AF0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ECEBA4EFh
sub     eax, 0D317541Fh
sub     eax, 9F9938E3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7EF700D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D2EA443Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3E0F269Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 11B38F00h
xor     eax, 98DD20A5h
sub     eax, 0ED553A3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 426CA639h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 504FA24Ch
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0A62B991Eh
sub     eax, 62EA1F53h
add     eax, 886E33D7h
xor     eax, 8B6B9EF7h
add     eax, 0AF439A9Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 330B0187h
xor     eax, 8E697828h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 91840ACAh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 84F80054h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1D4FC40Bh
xor     eax, 986EF3BCh
sub     eax, 0A5C34DCDh
sub     eax, 0F68AB332h
xor     eax, 531105BBh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 1DF88F02h
xor     eax, 67CB46D6h
xor     eax, 0C77DF008h
add     eax, 0C8D99815h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6CEEEC6Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7E21AE07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 84F9D869h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 25EB2EACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0D49A7061h
sub     eax, 0D3DA5ADDh
add     eax, 0E118B91Bh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 3E6471CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 11F81397h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 230FC5E3h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 4AA64913h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 1262FC4Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0D5956766h
xor     eax, 0DB0D24BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4F23E4BFh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 7A56FB58h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 64FC2FC1h
xor     eax, 0F70D00A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 18555E55h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C42C076Ch
sub     eax, 0B2697CF1h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7D511B41h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 2F2B169Eh
sub     eax, 809464F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0EC6C4E80h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0D9704898h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5FB6586Eh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EE295B56h
add     eax, 258D0D8Ah
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0A289876Eh
add     eax, 0ED5F9CB9h
xor     eax, 0E01D11EDh
xor     eax, 0F1A9D34Ch
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 682859EFh
sub     eax, 7EBB89FFh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A08ABD54h
xor     eax, 0D1C87301h
add     eax, 88F958E7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 536E6372h
not     eax
add     eax, 7867CF68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DE128747h
sub     eax, 0BDD5027Ch
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FB2E1E15h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4853775Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 358B2EF2h
xor     eax, 1D531B7Fh
xor     eax, 63240316h
xor     eax, 1969B56Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0C239CD3Eh
sub     eax, 0CED2F1EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E4272C11h
sub     eax, 0C28C9322h
xor     eax, 47F97510h
sub     eax, 1A4C535Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 78B69ABBh
add     eax, 0A36E6A09h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2056016Eh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0F859A610h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 7E4B8558h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F95F6EACh
sub     eax, 0CE606098h
add     eax, 4375FB35h
xor     eax, 2B3064C0h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E55BB398h
xor     eax, 1AD17392h
sub     eax, 619603B8h
sub     eax, 0A5FBD358h
sub     eax, 0FBED0CA1h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 7314B5D3h
sub     eax, 7AAEAFE0h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 88C8F77Eh
sub     eax, 0DBCFA22Dh
sub     eax, 0DB614F37h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 15100B32h
sub     eax, 4071C42Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2E7C00C4h
sub     eax, 0AF022AC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B508EAAEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F6664B53h
add     eax, 1C5D642Ah
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 79CB104Eh
add     eax, 0F9317C4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F6C35ACAh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0DB8A90A2h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5C76B0BEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0F4DE2294h
add     eax, 0B29927E0h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0E5624F44h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 28B2320Eh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 2D37CCBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0EFCBE102h
not     eax
add     eax, 88BAAB9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1ED4049Eh
add     eax, 0EC5FD31Fh
add     eax, 8B151E1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FBB9C71Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 777F3572h
xor     eax, 23676F34h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 86867E06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7A610D18h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5DF93F57h
xor     eax, 664EFB8Fh
xor     eax, 456FFE0Ch
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0AF900C94h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 8E1029E3h
add     eax, 69B42F81h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 9F02B4A8h
xor     eax, 283A7E08h
sub     eax, 8D0E5CB2h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0D1D0CB50h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AAC41BBCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 217353E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 58167BFDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 1B1934F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5C6A4154h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8BAEFD37h
sub     eax, 0A73C149Fh
xor     eax, 9BE5756Bh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 13BC8522h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 6BC7249Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0EF70736Ah
sub     eax, 5522CCB4h
sub     eax, 425CA088h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 3261F461h
xor     eax, 61E8FBD6h
add     eax, 0E3F1B667h
add     eax, 1FAF1F33h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0AE024D29h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 386A7993h
xor     eax, 6D8B327Ah
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0A0545E0Ch
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0F9DBB43Ah
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 14234FF1h
sub     eax, 0BE9EADC0h
add     eax, 0DB841B55h
add     eax, 0E19EAB1Ah
sub     eax, 961DF769h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 2012D946h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0D45544B6h
xor     eax, 0C75CBBCCh
sub     eax, 62B80CBBh
add     eax, 0BF5BBB58h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 8EE75BC4h
add     eax, 6B3342B1h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 9C4E0740h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0A57330DEh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 5C55DA15h
add     eax, 11C69B19h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 4EC441ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 47ECE10Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 21CDC08Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0F4E1264Ah
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 34A154F6h
xor     eax, 0CA74ABB0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 69321CBAh
add     eax, 7094414Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0D7619D13h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4810E5B6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F5BB723Fh
add     eax, 0E5F8706Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BE0643BEh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A00F3F25h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 27A4C4AEh
xor     eax, 9A278255h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0F0564E2Bh
add     eax, 9C0632CCh
sub     eax, 64DE5E3Ah
add     eax, 0D851B995h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C05AD707h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 87CF75C7h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 462D2FD5h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0F3E468D1h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 292A76D0h
not     eax
add     eax, 39745138h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0F69CC064h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8244219Ah
add     eax, 8C7B371Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CE00BCD1h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 9A67E525h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F78955BBh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 4A506E06h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0AD6B46A4h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 632E6E0Dh
xor     eax, 0F1E54F29h
xor     eax, 0F0D97532h
xor     eax, 0DBBAC0CBh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0F40E5773h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0D0186BC9h
xor     eax, 0FD695D0Ah
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0CC672D6Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0A1C59A44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 65C4EC23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F6BEBE8Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 44B66590h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 9CB64236h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FA4C57FCh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 8C615FD6h
xor     eax, 0D2BB26C3h
add     eax, 3BB56D3Ch
add     eax, 0BE23F4DAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 75FEB62Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A64FBF67h
sub     eax, 0A0323778h
sub     eax, 0AD88BE27h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0EFCCC6A1h
add     eax, 0EEA88314h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 14C3AA51h
add     eax, 946CA1BFh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0B911D8CFh
xor     eax, 92D71800h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3AEE03AAh
xor     eax, 963E1825h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 24A2265Fh
sub     eax, 0A62EC86Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9B33D5E3h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 9BDE590Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0C181B5B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BB7FA6A2h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 11DD48FAh
xor     eax, 1DE664F5h
add     eax, 44E20648h
sub     eax, 218B2DBAh
xor     eax, 66B87F44h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7DFC17DCh
sub     eax, 0F957B9B9h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0AC860A93h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AACA6936h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 4EB63F3Bh
sub     eax, 10F0BAA4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D6AF7447h
sub     eax, 0AEC97786h
add     eax, 7CE23264h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A589F4FDh
not     eax
add     eax, 8AA78E88h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0F7AB2560h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0E19E0F89h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A7C80E51h
sub     eax, 1474B71Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6B70AA00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D84DAEA3h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 83158DA4h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 5E568A60h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 28AE6F45h
xor     eax, 0A7B670D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 4A17716Dh
add     eax, 0FE9455FFh
sub     eax, 606FF2B9h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0B277B9E0h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DF825401h
xor     eax, 38E51BAEh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A7479ED6h
add     eax, 0D55E8C62h
add     eax, 9D307544h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 7FF1018Eh
sub     eax, 0BB9AC24Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 6D7388D0h
xor     eax, 0A27FC238h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EB6916AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F5366E84h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0BFE45D36h
xor     eax, 5B9B3100h
add     eax, 70CF7365h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E68C8605h
xor     eax, 4D4EDD80h
add     eax, 0DCAB657Ah
sub     eax, 6B9EA402h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A039774Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0B47630CAh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E8405616h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D12F957h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 6BEFC742h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 54075BECh
add     eax, 0D70A2A6Eh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E44DB516h
xor     eax, 75AAA1A9h
xor     eax, 0F0C6B62Fh
add     eax, 0E67792E6h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 54460F57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7B8B2870h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 947673B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7901E2B9h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 1B6A08C7h
xor     eax, 0F3BD21BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FC8C11F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0F0F3AE47h
xor     eax, 9FCB62E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 497CBC54h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 4D46BDD2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DABAA896h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3C7E83AEh
xor     eax, 0CD08A33Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0B3C9408Bh
xor     eax, 5E545FB9h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 5B484B21h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 72189B5Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 8A9D41F7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 92035455h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 50DCADA5h
add     eax, 0B309F299h
sub     eax, 0D29E470Dh
add     eax, 0B4EBFD83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B183E91Ah
sub     eax, 154E2B6Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 6F201A75h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BE4AD000h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 29B993DDh
xor     eax, 0CAEB91A4h
sub     eax, 0AC2A7A52h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 83624A56h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0BCF54FD9h
sub     eax, 0C81F65B2h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 4474D31Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 34A011C2h
xor     eax, 1AE4D46Dh
add     eax, 0A5DC4BCBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 4EF8844Ah
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0C4BECD51h
add     eax, 54ECEE9Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 7CA71F5Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B9FC727Dh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 148F4028h
xor     eax, 5156B2DDh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 41CE5343h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AA3D21D8h
sub     eax, 712B70EFh
add     eax, 63EF388Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 3E76B931h
add     eax, 9844A033h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EB305CFDh
sub     eax, 6063456Ch
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 324F4433h
xor     eax, 0E9903C8Eh
add     eax, 0BD6C1D7Fh
xor     eax, 1D6EAFAAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4B985D98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0AEFF60B6h
sub     eax, 64C5F33Bh
sub     eax, 0DAC27DBAh
add     eax, 912EA7F4h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 298B1BA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FB409EE4h
xor     eax, 50032823h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 47A7F9D8h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3A3F9EFAh
sub     eax, 4AA20BACh
not     eax
xor     eax, 52743640h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0EC356148h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6BBC8F2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 35BD7E5Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 58127E71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 62521AAFh
add     eax, 99325500h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 42C49BD2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 5AF2B378h
sub     eax, 0F1FF6659h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E75E57D0h
sub     eax, 9A2C0188h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4F5FBF74h
add     eax, 0AB360147h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 9A7A1458h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 9189439Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 1AE3CC01h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 14AE7DDAh
add     eax, 0E8C0F6F6h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 82A8A258h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E88094AFh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0CAB43832h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0B0E3D696h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 699D24EAh
xor     eax, 0A969499Fh
sub     eax, 929BB621h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0B88A6831h
not     eax
sub     eax, 491BA2DCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9A567F29h
sub     eax, 517D5FD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 24679EB4h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 8F7CF4F6h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 76B5D741h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1068500Ah
sub     eax, 0E988B881h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 7DAE781Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 3BCC28EAh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 1ABC758Ah
add     eax, 114A10BBh
xor     eax, 6FC528ABh
add     eax, 1D3D3E7Eh
sub     eax, 4B47233Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 638A74DFh
add     eax, 0C0B76203h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 8222236Ch
xor     eax, 8E83003Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 8F91B92Eh
sub     eax, 9BAAA3C1h
sub     eax, 198E240Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0FF7CDFBAh
add     eax, 2B042261h
add     eax, 96E5A769h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E8912823h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B18DC477h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D86341BEh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0AC569321h
sub     eax, 0A758DA3Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 1B420E1Ah
sub     eax, 0A57482F4h
sub     eax, 14A04475h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 3ACA6808h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 47A8C400h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0E8D91F44h
xor     eax, 2A1B63CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E01B3868h
xor     eax, 8CA130AEh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 152197FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 69668E5Bh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0CB183126h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0FE18F638h
sub     eax, 67C67FBEh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E19D9F6Dh
sub     eax, 0DEC9FB66h
sub     eax, 0E3B2591Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0F0BC2DE9h
sub     eax, 458F1C74h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 8C65A6C7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7D5DE9DFh
xor     eax, 0D9BAA2C1h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0ABF96D24h
xor     eax, 22A14A93h
xor     eax, 4B15A47Dh
add     eax, 0D33403BFh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 88C51036h
xor     eax, 94394990h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 56653D57h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0F11ADDE2h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D1BE9552h
xor     eax, 60C4AF70h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0A49DC613h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A7EF3283h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 95FE8D42h
sub     eax, 0F48A62A4h
xor     eax, 0A764891Ah
sub     eax, 0E7E1ADA9h
xor     eax, 1D40A42Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 69144FF0h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 8890AE47h
xor     eax, 0F101925Eh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0D163B45Eh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3EB785D3h
add     eax, 54001418h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5D87CBD6h
xor     eax, 0A2F8EA6Ch
sub     eax, 302D3E03h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 4853C4F5h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 186B1F8Ch
add     eax, 5C81C354h
xor     eax, 0D2F92340h
add     eax, 1B29804Bh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0B2ED0A33h
sub     eax, 2640CD49h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0AF5B6B13h
sub     eax, 0DF8BF717h
xor     eax, 0DF5057A1h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 4445C025h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 4713475Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4AD95BC5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F7B8BC78h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0F352C473h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B1E1153Bh
add     eax, 0EE56F119h
sub     eax, 59A56344h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 44852540h
xor     eax, 0B1E84F6Ch
sub     eax, 0FF1A050Bh
add     eax, 7C79596Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 52751511h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0FE10E047h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 85856D09h
xor     eax, 5D78B4C2h
sub     eax, 229038E3h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 0BD29E2F8h
xor     eax, 142C33F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CAEC5E4Bh
xor     eax, 0BCE4EC47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F83A5A33h
sub     eax, 15EE904Eh
add     eax, 245CF870h
xor     eax, 996D4E12h
sub     eax, 32CF8744h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 67084057h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 2C61C12Bh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0C4FF03CFh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 5D8C7962h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 34E774E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 776A2360h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 48B5F6B9h
add     eax, 50B0B42Eh
sub     eax, 0A78C7908h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 8B6839E6h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C8348605h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0C94C1876h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 31C2E3F5h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0AFF4B606h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EB3BDDA8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8B220CB2h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 985EAF19h
add     eax, 0C1953810h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 1CF533DFh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 36B28D0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 60601832h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 10B2C7C7h
sub     eax, 0E633557Dh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0E62F4A53h
add     eax, 0ED3221A0h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 79C0D82Bh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 5D906CFEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 26ED88ADh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0CC7A9B57h
xor     eax, 88E27CD9h
add     eax, 0FD2399E8h
xor     eax, 494E7E83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 97277D5Dh
add     eax, 1CF3F9D3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 808D159Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E43F26F4h
add     eax, 0F384B293h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 5950767Dh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 6A38A1B9h
xor     eax, 777929DFh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0DE859704h
xor     eax, 5AB2CA64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 5A4C3AB6h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0D4BBABF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0AEF5A70Dh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 43A1162Dh
sub     eax, 124F99E5h
sub     eax, 0A8F366E3h
xor     eax, 0CBD7A3A9h
add     eax, 18D98184h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 9F69743Bh
sub     eax, 5A9D6EF0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0C3D95E14h
add     eax, 45BD287Ah
sub     eax, 866F1783h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F1041637h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DAAEB901h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5698D7BDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 2A08853Dh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5CE85829h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 733D005Dh
add     eax, 61C2D268h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 532F28FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F9060D9Fh
xor     eax, 7BB219A4h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BE642DB8h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ACB1F427h
add     eax, 8ACF7728h
xor     eax, 997CDF85h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 94816C2Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 3404FDD7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 895945E1h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0F29EFCE1h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0D9054092h
xor     eax, 0D75028A3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 55DA6711h
not     eax
sub     eax, 894FD7E6h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0F5915F1Ah
xor     eax, 7C472061h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0A5CD2F2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 8943272Bh
xor     eax, 4649C5C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FF738A6Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DD5E46CBh
add     eax, 0E8DE2A1Ah
xor     eax, 687BBB76h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0C9818167h
xor     eax, 8DC758B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 849A432Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 84DE1E6Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0D8D00AB5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 71AA758Fh
sub     eax, 42EF1A2Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 232F9431h
xor     eax, 4033760Ah
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 504608D5h
add     eax, 0BFC9118Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 2F4FDD95h
add     eax, 59052F97h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0CBE5FC7Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AE785FEDh
add     eax, 0A4BAADF5h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 112F310Ah
add     eax, 0EA378D32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 860F0236h
sub     eax, 49A4EFDBh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 27A6DC3Eh
sub     eax, 6E5398F2h
sub     eax, 96671D8Ah
sub     eax, 0ADBE969Bh
add     eax, 94B2DE47h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 282E2335h
xor     eax, 0E91F33B4h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0E997BF0Fh
sub     eax, 8F972BFFh
add     eax, 1341863Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AEAB3845h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 715C322Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9AC14AC3h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FE7D2276h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0BA6E99A7h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7CC4F2Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0AC88FE9Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0DDF8DB33h
sub     eax, 0D4296811h
sub     eax, 6CCAFAD0h
sub     eax, 28D3ED8Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B9ADBFC4h
xor     eax, 7AA48088h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0CE3D8CC5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B9EA976Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0DBE5FC6Bh
add     eax, 0AB683EE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0E24F2249h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 38C4BC63h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0C5AC05C4h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DA84C784h
add     eax, 693DCEE5h
xor     eax, 0A3D075D5h
xor     eax, 91FE725Eh
xor     eax, 5ECDB12Eh
add     eax, 0A10C7F60h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 81C58050h
xor     eax, 0E4479453h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0B55F3D5Eh
add     eax, 0D004C01Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F3A247DDh
sub     eax, 0BE1B2598h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 5E57519Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5442F9BBh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 7C246742h
xor     eax, 91BD5114h
add     eax, 858BD3B7h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 9C467E5Fh
add     eax, 9442CA83h
sub     eax, 0E308DEAFh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0F3BA9B3Bh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0A96CF132h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AA20BCB1h
add     eax, 4E3E9F80h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A16FCE41h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 90547A73h
not     eax
add     eax, 68D0E4B5h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 0B94FC1D4h
add     eax, 41B9B07Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2B72F0B3h
not     eax
add     eax, 407C3787h
xor     eax, 93C6D4E2h
xor     eax, 51EE4F44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A30146A8h
xor     eax, 0D62D34B1h
xor     eax, 0DB5EADBEh
sub     eax, 2EBD5A04h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A2837B4Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 78C3EF22h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 37AE4212h
not     eax
sub     eax, 27A8505Ch
sub     eax, 3436A51Ah
add     eax, 6D187586h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 535B80FEh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 319E9AC8h
add     eax, 4429426Eh
xor     eax, 82229644h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ECAC4F66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5CA78A71h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B5C52F00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7B1C58DEh
add     eax, 0BDD1E09Dh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0AADD0479h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0B5E17D09h
add     eax, 0E2E754CBh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 69B386E7h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 60CB63EAh
sub     eax, 581CE510h
sub     eax, 19729B52h
not     eax
xor     eax, 914709CDh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E0A576D9h
add     eax, 7EFBF4DFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CE560DADh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 498897F3h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 69E4C37Bh
sub     eax, 0C76BABC1h
sub     eax, 9BAB5472h
add     eax, 0E0BA5749h
xor     eax, 690BBABCh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A475FD8Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5646BC10h
add     eax, 57ABA237h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3309548Ch
sub     eax, 0CB332B0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 60132443h
add     eax, 56B3590Fh
xor     eax, 0C0507677h
add     eax, 0DB81B67Fh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 39E6F1CDh
xor     eax, 0C73D4E4Fh
sub     eax, 0EEA4E520h
sub     eax, 7E1EC0C4h
xor     eax, 38C94B02h
add     eax, 416F4E4Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0AF9F562Ah
add     eax, 0B12306C5h
xor     eax, 0E7397EFCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 1217FF48h
xor     eax, 5F2F5C7Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 6FC0967Ch
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 53687E54h
xor     eax, 0F05B62BAh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E397E222h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0FF93EDB9h
sub     eax, 0A1C95B61h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FE2C2DCFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0CBFB4882h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 302DCF01h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0E7DD2315h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 9C9B417Ch
add     eax, 490529C9h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 831CFF52h
sub     eax, 666282C5h
xor     eax, 0E5F0B75Ch
xor     eax, 0BA87DBDBh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 899F52D9h
sub     eax, 252033FDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0ACC02C6Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E914D8A9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 9CCBF52Bh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0A33A0394h
xor     eax, 12767EA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BA147293h
add     eax, 263D1830h
xor     eax, 0B4D50DC5h
add     eax, 2E987F48h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 9A6B73E9h
add     eax, 8EAE3E66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 6FE5167Bh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 8B55BAF9h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 4845BB77h
xor     eax, 0FE25A627h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 752C8650h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 9332D0FDh
sub     eax, 0A55C9563h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 74B16003h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 4F0B1157h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0CE4F9CBDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 4DEAC41Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0B34B89A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 64624322h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A2846322h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A7477E3Bh
sub     eax, 2E01A43Ch
sub     eax, 4FC1D5F5h
add     eax, 7D4DB57Fh
sub     eax, 67101133h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7A718CC7h
sub     eax, 7BD310BCh
xor     eax, 5698FCE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B5E392C2h
xor     eax, 76FADB9Eh
xor     eax, 6D11AC6Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B84D3F45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F8078BAEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0D305FC6Eh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0FB5A1EECh
sub     eax, 5B78BA68h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 69B93051h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 8B21F285h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3C52595Ch
sub     eax, 896E42D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0E2A5549Dh
add     eax, 0C3CB71ECh
xor     eax, 88919C14h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 61A074C5h
add     eax, 12E1EB9Eh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E1F7DCBFh
not     eax
add     eax, 91F75935h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 49177FB7h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4D56313Dh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9F6A9D01h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 393C9D79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7E3803D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BF80C955h
xor     eax, 5D94C382h
add     eax, 0C9B620E1h
sub     eax, 6E78E17Dh
xor     eax, 595B0A06h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4F89CC64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0F08B762Bh
sub     eax, 387FC0C1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1DF04E19h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2EAB229Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7DA758C3h
xor     eax, 3A421B2Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6DEFEC01h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 8A1C5B4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0F9B04D82h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EFC782B8h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 5566D8BEh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B7F317A7h
xor     eax, 7A643F99h
xor     eax, 0A69726ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0FB534746h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 9E951504h
xor     eax, 1CCB73B9h
sub     eax, 2A6833E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 7E73BF6Ah
add     eax, 6B33761Fh
xor     eax, 9878B7F8h
add     eax, 0E25BEAD5h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 33779466h
add     eax, 4D378BE4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E73A5B47h
sub     eax, 9B6AD359h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 9DF79751h
sub     eax, 0AB1E12DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0DC2312DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 272FFE43h
sub     eax, 0F82D77B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FF109BCFh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 4A79403Fh
sub     eax, 0DD43668Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4A6A7884h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 3DFF0B52h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B19C8FB8h
sub     eax, 3DC5A0D0h
xor     eax, 5A4706D4h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 7B44FB93h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BD13F84Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AA4BD808h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 2741EE47h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 40325C94h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 7EB5C4CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 4D271D2Bh
sub     eax, 49B6E60Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 4B32F8FEh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 63996218h
sub     eax, 7991DE3Ch
sub     eax, 61361965h
not     eax
xor     eax, 195458C3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0F3C7D397h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0ACE6F28Ah
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 35A80AAEh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0B97DB312h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 8C4E1AA5h
sub     eax, 4EC2A24Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 48420AFDh
add     eax, 7A252417h
add     eax, 9DB6F856h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 21797458h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DDE32B72h
sub     eax, 0CA60319Ah
add     eax, 0AA05FEC9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 8D764556h
xor     eax, 61D1B0D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0FD4D2377h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0DB81029Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4570C7B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 2E3EB179h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B8FFAC0Dh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0D36518FFh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CF7B0F9Bh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 9B72CF2Eh
xor     eax, 0F9DB1D45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EC807CEDh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 83095645h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 64F15A79h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 90644D36h
sub     eax, 0CA692220h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 30CAA18Dh
add     eax, 4CE1374Bh
xor     eax, 0EDAE81B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F5126E02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 82BDA53Ch
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 3AC2B840h
add     eax, 0DEA9FF3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E1D90A3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 825FB6F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D99A4A1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2B2A2E06h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D4070E68h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 74F5BB46h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 7DABF777h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0AE1D4FA3h
xor     eax, 18BCC5B3h
sub     eax, 42D7DD2Dh
xor     eax, 2EA3FC21h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DE61A5F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0BA1DE982h
not     eax
add     eax, 0ABBE94B6h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0BFE0FBF7h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0C9506531h
sub     eax, 83B12173h
add     eax, 568E59FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 9F309942h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5B632159h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F23726EDh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 5A6CBA11h
xor     eax, 0B9B60163h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 84D4E6B0h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B9B0CAE1h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2F08296Eh
add     eax, 0BCBEAA47h
xor     eax, 705D3B7Ah
sub     eax, 0CBC3DA08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4B212174h
add     eax, 6ECCD50Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 745AA29Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 1CE3E5EDh
add     eax, 36B0623Fh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AE8BEA2Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0E484008Eh
add     eax, 654254B5h
sub     eax, 61B099D9h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0B0050334h
not     eax
sub     eax, 660261D6h
xor     eax, 81E04864h
add     eax, 2C640AFCh
xor     eax, 2A856239h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F2FC9F16h
sub     eax, 0DE0167C4h
sub     eax, 0F2996E91h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0A2AA91EEh
add     eax, 0C7DEBA1Ah
xor     eax, 2A655013h
add     eax, 943C016Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F8CE737Dh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 25561FAEh
xor     eax, 4C3AC503h
sub     eax, 14C241B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 76CA02B8h
add     eax, 7337086Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6D939713h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 99F940B5h
sub     eax, 166158DDh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 63459922h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E0FF6D90h
add     eax, 0F6C7DC46h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0C878FC06h
sub     eax, 0D34B6DD5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 841BBF7Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 609A635Fh
add     eax, 0F71B9B9Ah
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 87C01D24h
add     eax, 76170F69h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 7AD58DA1h
add     eax, 0F5EBBB07h
add     eax, 0BF3FA187h
xor     eax, 252ACA76h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6DE28242h
xor     eax, 877735B0h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 26759CAEh
add     eax, 4E22F76Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1BE26791h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 455C97BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A52F1C42h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 22E0B150h
add     eax, 452CCE93h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E536AA09h
not     eax
add     eax, 94EACB32h
sub     eax, 54F4C26Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8B8E6A7Ah
xor     eax, 88955B7Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E2CD20AEh
xor     eax, 7B458232h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0F95136ECh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 1CF8DF81h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 45228A23h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9F0F2DD9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0B792C189h
xor     eax, 5217F08Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0C4987563h
sub     eax, 1087A996h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 276F72B5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C1D15F42h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0BE49F9A2h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 22B3FC9Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E97AD235h
xor     eax, 0DA4BE3B4h
sub     eax, 0C7870F87h
add     eax, 5D29D52Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 7777C465h
sub     eax, 0A97584BDh
xor     eax, 3BC501DBh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 443C21F8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 27CBDA7Eh
sub     eax, 4E4D1104h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E4B32C76h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F910DA6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A83B13DDh
sub     eax, 0FB17CC0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B5F346C1h
sub     eax, 0E8027343h
sub     eax, 77B77707h
xor     eax, 552938B3h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 85D87EE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FA6327ABh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 3A20552Ah
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0C3F71C6Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DE32D542h
add     eax, 549C2D08h
xor     eax, 0CA90B08Bh
sub     eax, 3F7E4FF8h
add     eax, 0DC82DD62h
xor     eax, 5201803Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 71588105h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0DDCEA3FDh
sub     eax, 786EC7B7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 43D49295h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 3763D67Dh
add     eax, 2B296AA8h
sub     eax, 764BDBDCh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 39A32F0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 58CBFB85h
add     eax, 0D4B93F0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1FD78F14h
sub     eax, 0D780D574h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 5CAB7771h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8971936Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9060C91Dh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 4CD645EAh
add     eax, 8C834119h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C5603E80h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 939B3F92h
not     eax
sub     eax, 90CE468Ch
xor     eax, 32BC886Ah
xor     eax, 9B4FCB56h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1B33E041h
add     eax, 5312B9FBh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 45197D7Ah
sub     eax, 80396925h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C205ECFCh
add     eax, 0E5F5D9EAh
add     eax, 0ECC163B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0EE5DE1C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 13BE5DD7h
xor     eax, 14151E07h
xor     eax, 21E99165h
add     eax, 0F08A07DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6A81C099h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0A42F581Eh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D3FEE868h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 137736DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 1F51A6FAh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 276C1A3Eh
sub     eax, 2A0BAD3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A7A40C48h
xor     eax, 982B3D30h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0D0D0E7D9h
sub     eax, 0CF3267C3h
sub     eax, 30B98E3Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 4421F6F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B566FD1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 616B5CB5h
add     eax, 7386BE50h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 766482CFh
xor     eax, 54122B5Ch
sub     eax, 5A58F0B5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4CC4E12Fh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5E9A70F2h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 5DC3024Bh
add     eax, 76AF1D69h
sub     eax, 47285695h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 35141F0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 41F98807h
add     eax, 8280E469h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 8E6FAD4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4F592B48h
add     eax, 64ED7A82h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A6F5BA76h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0D4EBF4EEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AC47D6E5h
sub     eax, 998D4D9Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0FE11BDEEh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D765FB41h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 999E1099h
sub     eax, 2B6FF9C5h
sub     eax, 5998F67Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B00837F3h
add     eax, 8EA101CBh
xor     eax, 0EBBD0168h
sub     eax, 35FB6748h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0D44F93F7h
sub     eax, 51823943h
xor     eax, 0C2609BD6h
add     eax, 1BB2AE23h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C90A7F5Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 84FB459Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 74C900E4h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8A53011Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6D92D3AAh
xor     eax, 4E3A9805h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D9165580h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FC6C25B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0CAD7BCC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DF90676Dh
add     eax, 35920209h
sub     eax, 0DA11EBB4h
sub     eax, 535738F2h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B1CD2E3Bh
add     eax, 32A97F4Eh
add     eax, 0F73CE433h
add     eax, 3703EF55h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EFF5CC00h
sub     eax, 0C6FEE854h
sub     eax, 78194991h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0D48F2688h
xor     eax, 627C66A4h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 339649F0h
add     eax, 2C23854Fh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F6737B09h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C2B58CDFh
xor     eax, 99EE4640h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 7D4E7777h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0B42FBEC3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 9FFDB139h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6AE6C395h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0C3695A61h
sub     eax, 1138F612h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 58DC76E1h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C6A82DFAh
sub     eax, 0B6FC1DCFh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0C43F3CFBh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 5CBD6673h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 71007503h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 14EB9B49h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3A5EEB61h
sub     eax, 9F59FD92h
xor     eax, 769FBDAEh
sub     eax, 2057A9D9h
sub     eax, 0C97F9FF0h
sub     eax, 9446DDEDh
not     eax
add     eax, 7BF67734h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0F48E657Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AD281706h
xor     eax, 0EA0DCD71h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0D0E8D303h
xor     eax, 0EABEEB85h
sub     eax, 533D6E5Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FFA28CA1h
add     eax, 700E23C1h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 202F865Ah
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 7958CFF7h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 50528A66h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D0823ED7h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0B261F9CDh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 1217FE3Fh
xor     eax, 95BAB591h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0E17FDAFCh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0B35E6597h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 40333A9Fh
sub     eax, 45572EA3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 889C283Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 67E0CFCEh
sub     eax, 85D2800Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C851114Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F7033F09h
sub     eax, 3277A878h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5441686Bh
xor     eax, 0A3275977h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0A19CB81Ch
add     eax, 0C47B379Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0CD5CB521h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 7404750Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F4EBD158h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 7CF12752h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 97A464B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 489A5291h
xor     eax, 0CB12CFCFh
xor     eax, 75D22006h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 56CB7F03h
xor     eax, 1126F11Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0CD81F328h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0ABF3159Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 8BC026B1h
add     eax, 87205518h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F8C159BAh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 1F43663Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0D1DF46E3h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 4DC87974h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0E8539BE6h
sub     eax, 0B7DB11E8h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C0FA2F67h
xor     eax, 8BAAB306h
sub     eax, 996C005Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0E029EF8Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0B15D400Fh
sub     eax, 270ED42Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A05C5003h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0ED7615A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 37679E65h
sub     eax, 0E5D30CE7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D11421EDh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0A3080ADCh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C3A8FA65h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0EE573804h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0AA51AA7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9C5B48D0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 8F88FD4Eh
xor     eax, 0A41173B4h
sub     eax, 2CAD556Ch
sub     eax, 0C6189DDFh
xor     eax, 0C68CCB34h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 467597E7h
sub     eax, 0C366CE93h
sub     eax, 0E89A20A7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 934CC43Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6390262Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3A5499CAh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0E493556Eh
xor     eax, 286C1698h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 1EF23CCBh
xor     eax, 518BA05Bh
xor     eax, 50B2A924h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BB5C31D8h
add     eax, 68810EC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 410AD025h
add     eax, 66D8090Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 6B7FAEA0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0F37E5E53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FC7801BAh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0F03EF4DBh
xor     eax, 0E3C661E0h
add     eax, 0E93DC97Ah
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B9929B5Dh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 74333467h
xor     eax, 6D33D0EAh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 50CB89E7h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B051E159h
sub     eax, 0A97C352Dh
sub     eax, 967B1747h
not     eax
add     eax, 5A8812B6h
xor     eax, 9822CD90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B1AD7789h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 142A23D3h
xor     eax, 76F8C63Bh
xor     eax, 6DEFED61h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 64D86224h
add     eax, 0A53C170Fh
add     eax, 5EF7A247h
add     eax, 3C0A2B69h
add     eax, 0B3E311D9h
xor     eax, 4147E352h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 4E926B07h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E2DD0F98h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 79D97F91h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0CC27F503h
not     eax
xor     eax, 70A62855h
xor     eax, 47F06B86h
xor     eax, 3ACE48E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E0617C56h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 71611322h
sub     eax, 0D0D53BCAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2222A29Eh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 6DE79B3Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 799FCA44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 53DB41CCh
xor     eax, 0AF9A9F73h
xor     eax, 0CE54C244h
sub     eax, 84E9D04Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 12A11F13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F4F945D0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DD0E841Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B4C24E2Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C57D4321h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F0F12759h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D445330Dh
add     eax, 8FAEEDB0h
add     eax, 494EF694h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0AA800287h
xor     eax, 6F769DA5h
xor     eax, 0D30CD28Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D4698B1Ch
add     eax, 1B34A614h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 676E2B90h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 18AB7430h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD035423h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 6903BC6Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 748EA761h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0BA58BDD2h
sub     eax, 0DBFF3E39h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0A61A76C0h
xor     eax, 0AB85EA3Bh
xor     eax, 0DFEFE70Ch
xor     eax, 248DAFD9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0D27CA79Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0C835AE6Bh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E55ACB5Bh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0F117EE71h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3FC70773h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 32625A13h
sub     eax, 149387F5h
sub     eax, 23262D72h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0BB7E7E48h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CE1B5AF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 77ACCFBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E69A5C76h
sub     eax, 0B9020C84h
xor     eax, 36A2B5B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F7B56E2Eh
sub     eax, 28499A2Dh
xor     eax, 0F5998E15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DAA14C54h
sub     eax, 91C6F327h
xor     eax, 9938A889h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3775F538h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6C9CBBB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C4550FC6h
add     eax, 67D122AEh
xor     eax, 4921443Eh
sub     eax, 2454AF22h
sub     eax, 687BE536h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 91E59BCDh
add     eax, 955A8627h
add     eax, 0A74ADA6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 8DE9F725h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 4762353Dh
sub     eax, 3BA7BDE9h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0B2166B2Eh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 68802B02h
add     eax, 0F6BFAE06h
sub     eax, 0F8D126F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 68347CDBh
xor     eax, 626F0615h
add     eax, 829771BAh
sub     eax, 820A908Bh
sub     eax, 0B92CAC0Ah
add     eax, 0CCFDD752h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 677C3298h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0C40C311Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D9F84544h
add     eax, 2577F56Ch
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 78DEFA25h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 50D6B8A0h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 52FB7C9Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0AAC9A6F1h
xor     eax, 0E1F6CBBDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D24535A1h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD078692h
sub     eax, 7EF836FDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4699D9EFh
xor     eax, 99BA78CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 3FF8B541h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C29EDEB9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1DFF9063h
add     eax, 0F09E3950h
xor     eax, 97AB6C89h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A8FFA303h
sub     eax, 0B5175390h
add     eax, 0A59ED81Bh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0B04EEA41h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0D62BCA80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 866D702Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 59DB9A88h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 13947A9Fh
add     eax, 0A9E5A05Eh
add     eax, 807F6210h
xor     eax, 4A665FE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3C598581h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF597D32h
add     eax, 4810060Eh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 7EC64768h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 50BD1C67h
xor     eax, 40797BE0h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 68B55ABAh
xor     eax, 0CB6F24D8h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0A3844FF5h
add     eax, 3018C579h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 20D7DAA5h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9D7D8A0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 75F6F7F4h
not     eax
add     eax, 4E7E2B94h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0BA73B933h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3DA8A019h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 46395A24h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0A2555AF7h
not     eax
add     eax, 476631ECh
xor     eax, 2D0E752Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E16BAF14h
xor     eax, 3ED3C880h
xor     eax, 9F630CACh
sub     eax, 0C1EC9795h
add     eax, 9C57ED1Eh
add     eax, 0D52CAB82h
add     eax, 0D01AF69Dh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B02413ACh
xor     eax, 59D7DC05h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0CF64CBBFh
sub     eax, 43BF4DEBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 270F7ECAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B498996Bh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 0B28080B5h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0AABA046Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0D966CB7Dh
sub     eax, 19699BA9h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F6C2E682h
add     eax, 45CDD148h
xor     eax, 40E4C812h
xor     eax, 0C68D041Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 952CAF9Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 5C9AEB68h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 78609FF8h
xor     eax, 61BA2A5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B5C124B1h
add     eax, 5DC5ED7Dh
add     eax, 54D58904h
xor     eax, 670FB925h
add     eax, 125B4C21h
xor     eax, 52006501h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CBA9027Fh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 763E5286h
sub     eax, 36D6C02Fh
xor     eax, 66289026h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2612DE1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 8D00555Ch
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B20A4C6Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2807E138h
xor     eax, 8CEB6C0Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 838DD7D4h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 5CD7CF1Fh
sub     eax, 9C0F67A7h
add     eax, 0CFC0B6AAh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0D2A7AC95h
xor     eax, 21F9AD8Dh
sub     eax, 91ED65D9h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 5E181580h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ABA23ED3h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 385C48CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E9263670h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0D10C1470h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0EB896CE5h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 963D2840h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 347996A8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 55AFAB98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 6A39F498h
xor     eax, 84C452D6h
xor     eax, 232DDF0Fh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 769CEB24h
add     eax, 71719C50h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0CE1FB5DEh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 65708D72h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AA942DB8h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0DA48E743h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9ADD61B5h
sub     eax, 0A2AEA2BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 340BD17Ch
sub     eax, 1E65E2C1h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 289BA3BDh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D59168C1h
sub     eax, 0A3FA7158h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D64C8117h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AC79076Eh
xor     eax, 5952B45Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 639A2E6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 91668389h
xor     eax, 0B13573CAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 242DFEE4h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6F788B3Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 247BB102h
sub     eax, 280DB73Dh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 98BF944Dh
add     eax, 0A6477CACh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EBD59C87h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0B811FE50h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0DD613554h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0BF92F58Fh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0DBB6A2E9h
xor     eax, 7D2E1281h
sub     eax, 19F4D6BFh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 94B32054h
add     eax, 34AF80A8h
xor     eax, 314F224Fh
add     eax, 99D4BEE2h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E53AB528h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 51B85346h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EAB1CDCFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 22FE169Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0DAD6F8C9h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 6DE9CB18h
xor     eax, 1CD1BF13h
add     eax, 0FFB6EECFh
xor     eax, 35E020B0h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0D5B37637h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2FF32EF2h
sub     eax, 16624919h
sub     eax, 0A5FB10F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D8764B40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 8610FAE9h
xor     eax, 79D88194h
sub     eax, 761D1683h
xor     eax, 0ED241061h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A74778B2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 14B2532Ah
xor     eax, 0F27A9B25h
not     eax
xor     eax, 864B4092h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 14B7AC3Bh
sub     eax, 1C84A331h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 92AC838Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 55F7331Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B79FBF4Ah
sub     eax, 75AA7DD4h
xor     eax, 57F46EC2h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 1598599Fh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 714B3296h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0CAFFB052h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C0505403h
add     eax, 3925C61Ch
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 26484167h
add     eax, 0FA2E7F0Ch
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 48870270h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 8CC7345Dh
xor     eax, 0B2A35B6Bh
sub     eax, 3B178DBFh
sub     eax, 490D6BA6h
sub     eax, 0F8268440h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6B9A6CDAh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 6090A0FCh
add     eax, 0E1D0CE72h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 902A3F24h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 81F3F39Eh
add     eax, 67AA4687h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0FCC8C78Eh
sub     eax, 0B7C2CDB2h
xor     eax, 1262F5BDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9AD4AD9Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 4C81F5DBh
xor     eax, 0F0B58E32h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 34BBFAB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C0A76213h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 34F35DCFh
sub     eax, 0D3F686B3h
add     eax, 848DB378h
add     eax, 0AD4C9F3Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 38356944h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5E909B4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 1D5286DEh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 90B5DF01h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 5028E3BBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 8CA117D4h
xor     eax, 4C7DDC37h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 30C0E6A8h
sub     eax, 12CEA200h
add     eax, 0D8577781h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 8A7A9D1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0C5DFCADBh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0FA3A05A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C7D6539Fh
xor     eax, 8D561C59h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC963BB4h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0BBEBB48Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 72212300h
add     eax, 79D7F570h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5724AF16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D1BD56F8h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0FF70B454h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 8F0F0416h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 61A38953h
xor     eax, 8C07D3A3h
sub     eax, 6A0DFA72h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F2AD3FF1h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0EB43B12Bh
add     eax, 692F3275h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D9F0E090h
add     eax, 75DA2123h
add     eax, 682ECD9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EE094A4Dh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 907FFFD7h
xor     eax, 370067E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 81B011C3h
xor     eax, 628CAA16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D5ADA076h
add     eax, 0EEF65DB2h
xor     eax, 78AE27CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D5CBD519h
sub     eax, 858CBE28h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 6DC681E5h
xor     eax, 0CCB1D6F2h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 63DB3249h
not     eax
add     eax, 2467BBFDh
sub     eax, 0A1209750h
xor     eax, 13CBC11Fh
xor     eax, 0AF3BE929h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0E485F99Dh
xor     eax, 93E20439h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F116751Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 25AB43BBh
sub     eax, 0C437C781h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 62467268h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 6DBAA9D7h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 58258449h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 9F3B961Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 1163BB73h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 45C37CBFh
sub     eax, 0F129656Bh
sub     eax, 7C5F2F82h
sub     eax, 0A254BB1Ah
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0F9DCF145h
add     eax, 117F9F71h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0EDD08A52h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 25A6B99Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0D569C177h
sub     eax, 9C1FBEA2h
sub     eax, 3313137Dh
add     eax, 0A90780A3h
add     eax, 1AA64086h
xor     eax, 31EEBD87h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0CFCBAD83h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FEF20618h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D82C7DA9h
sub     eax, 9882AF68h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 3D857BBFh
add     eax, 1B3B814Dh
xor     eax, 0B42E04CBh
sub     eax, 7E901F8Ah
xor     eax, 9C24F847h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 54FF5EAAh
sub     eax, 0FD39A83Eh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 94BB5812h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FEF20A8Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DC9857ACh
sub     eax, 465E4501h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0B0D90264h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 99F0FF2Ah
sub     eax, 2833DB89h
sub     eax, 0E38631F0h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 5DAEB430h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 5B571D90h
sub     eax, 5E419149h
xor     eax, 78972657h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0E1BBE69Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 397B649Ch
add     eax, 49815214h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 3A524E61h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0FB4B7A16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0ABA34637h
add     eax, 73A8A917h
xor     eax, 0BB40B15Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0B73C004Eh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 94F1AEB1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4180AFF6h
sub     eax, 0B33117BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F7287F74h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0F773CD82h
add     eax, 58E3C82Eh
xor     eax, 44AD61A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A556636Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 6E1BED3Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F4329DA7h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3738D06Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 56857AE7h
xor     eax, 19CF2EBBh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 7A5D3CE3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DE09C153h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 4BDC7BE9h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0EE7EC1CEh
xor     eax, 95A7E4DCh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0E90265FEh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0FA842B5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0F6AE55A7h
xor     eax, 80E959EEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F4EA7457h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C16A6CAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9976B358h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B0E69F55h
xor     eax, 9247F13Ah
xor     eax, 0EEEDCCD8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 15C47DF5h
add     eax, 0A128D19Fh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 9408A692h
sub     eax, 0ED10DCC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F5DD43CDh
add     eax, 3B0CCA03h
xor     eax, 678E86F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B6CD0C2Bh
sub     eax, 0D0581AE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2927F02Eh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6C3E970Ch
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 21AE4656h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DFBE10ADh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0DCB5E81Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 7F824C6Ah
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 58E09A25h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 25189E28h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0DD960DC0h
not     eax
add     eax, 9D656583h
sub     eax, 9EB7A306h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 5B5DAE95h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 3EBF9934h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0B37DD67Bh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 4FB9B132h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 11F939AEh
sub     eax, 0CC8BAF6Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 2A06C2BCh
xor     eax, 2A1FE39Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8B9ADC97h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5B1E9688h
add     eax, 0E7CC5D44h
xor     eax, 682C49DBh
xor     eax, 0A9767B58h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1D224265h
add     eax, 0B7A6F65Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 38925D55h
xor     eax, 0C21B9367h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 899D2609h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E23F257Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0FDE390ACh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F391FA00h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 98B86F0Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 2D0BE45Ah
add     eax, 0A03B92CCh
add     eax, 4CE18202h
sub     eax, 0B24B1606h
sub     eax, 11887EDEh
add     eax, 0DED01870h
xor     eax, 41E8413Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 2C8F2D4Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 10DF2AE0h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0E243CB10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DA54772Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 82812A14h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 566E44DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E85B0373h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 358D71FCh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0C4F0281Dh
sub     eax, 6FB6DC83h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 9696BA23h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 957B3725h
add     eax, 0BCEC03A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B2AB6C5h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0C9DE610Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 780E2F7Eh
xor     eax, 0EEB6AEA1h
add     eax, 1D9DC1E5h
add     eax, 0DC799ECCh
add     eax, 845A1706h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1A43D296h
xor     eax, 0B86D7163h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 4CDEABAFh
xor     eax, 3520E53Dh
xor     eax, 13CBB6B6h
add     eax, 41F5E369h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4E415F5Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BD0D9261h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 808414CFh
xor     eax, 70D4F5E1h
add     eax, 5D02435Ch
xor     eax, 0F2D3D968h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0CEA0F0C3h
sub     eax, 0C3CCDAC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 45370C8Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BF9332EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 209BAC43h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0BE50DD2Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C3FCC5A6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 259743F7h
add     eax, 0E1BDB583h
add     eax, 0DCC4135Bh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0EAF4C0A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 95FC9D9Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 80FF0F14h
sub     eax, 0BF87D24Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F12E8BEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EFB531C8h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 47556BF0h
sub     eax, 24EC2D02h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 36ACA5FAh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EFB2D01Ch
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FC9E97FBh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 69D65352h
add     eax, 185AAA50h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 8A0697F3h
add     eax, 0A1705532h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0BC97346Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 400CFCE1h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 155DA69Fh
sub     eax, 0CA2BFF9Dh
xor     eax, 0DC3C9580h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D1A5E7B6h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8C77312Ah
sub     eax, 19C848ABh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 821896B2h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 5B23E62Ah
xor     eax, 0E3E7D956h
add     eax, 762D98F2h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F9CE3F03h
xor     eax, 4F394088h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 79ADBCEBh
sub     eax, 713959ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F4894CB1h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 341909F1h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 8DD4F89Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0B3FEF87Eh
xor     eax, 39435D79h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 229E6A89h
sub     eax, 0C4219428h
xor     eax, 0D3ED898Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 85406F68h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 48B334ABh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 3E2B066Eh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B0E8B933h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 372F9E8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 81E576D5h
not     eax
add     eax, 5BF11F6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0EE4A462Bh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 3B933937h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AFA4AA8Eh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AE35142Dh
sub     eax, 93C18FAFh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 83E91747h
xor     eax, 50294496h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0A980058Bh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 9F079D85h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 9F22F7BBh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 2583A96Fh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E388F087h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E33E1EE0h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 1CCD193Eh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C44FAAD7h
xor     eax, 2CB0FEB5h
add     eax, 2EEE0CD8h
add     eax, 0A780F38Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E1E88690h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 438374FBh
sub     eax, 11471C46h
add     eax, 4F62491Dh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B2A1D3C0h
sub     eax, 0C4B3B86Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D7D14B73h
sub     eax, 0E4D422C3h
add     eax, 549C4B9Eh
xor     eax, 0BAE0DDBEh
xor     eax, 0C8971881h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 676C029Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9831BAE9h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0AE2FFE85h
add     eax, 94EBAA79h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0B8F994E6h
xor     eax, 55A24808h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AE2B1FEBh
add     eax, 9317567Dh
sub     eax, 548DF76Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AF72971Ah
add     eax, 4FA0F487h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D14E1560h
not     eax
xor     eax, 71D14DB6h
add     eax, 17644352h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6F44D1B0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8C58A888h
sub     eax, 0F868245Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0DA5E8389h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 6B0B9C04h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8CF18887h
xor     eax, 3DF0BEE1h
add     eax, 7049E109h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0B0035071h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DF3C02F3h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B51700D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 880A4B0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 64AAA3CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 464BE8F2h
sub     eax, 2B2B55EBh
add     eax, 0B99C3C3Ch
xor     eax, 98803818h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 8E251C9Ah
sub     eax, 28899532h
sub     eax, 0BAC67F44h
add     eax, 451B6723h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0C9B8ECD9h
sub     eax, 89DABA60h
xor     eax, 672A1F43h
sub     eax, 4FE3532Dh
add     eax, 0C0C9D25Bh
sub     eax, 65932072h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9D10A427h
sub     eax, 0D8B10872h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 656A7B10h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A041CE26h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 40C622ACh
sub     eax, 9A7EE4CCh
add     eax, 0E55198CEh
add     eax, 9190BAA8h
add     eax, 27DE3F73h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0B7DBDED8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6F174AA6h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 4AD38E34h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 0B37A6DE6h
sub     eax, 0CACFB195h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 56FC8EA2h
add     eax, 38F092BEh
add     eax, 9B2E59E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 905FF063h
sub     eax, 0C15AB9C0h
sub     eax, 4DBC029Bh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0F2727406h
sub     eax, 5E11CE55h
sub     eax, 78B3A608h
add     eax, 670AA031h
xor     eax, 3702F6A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0E76E21B4h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 49AA343Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3EA72294h
not     eax
add     eax, 5FBF735Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 2D503EADh
xor     eax, 5B5D1EA6h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 53741E04h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0B0CCBA68h
add     eax, 10F3BCCEh
sub     eax, 0A2ECD9E6h
add     eax, 0DF76D9FEh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4D4A2359h
add     eax, 0C26C6C06h
xor     eax, 59A578C1h
add     eax, 0B156320Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1B478BB9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 42482066h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E6A4ACBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 93B71CB8h
sub     eax, 8A9356D6h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 199F9611h
xor     eax, 0C570823Fh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0B0D1396Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C8396AB9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1E5FA0B6h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 585BAE72h
sub     eax, 1D89C0BBh
sub     eax, 72AF980Fh
sub     eax, 0C5732E28h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4F459E74h
sub     eax, 2FBA1102h
xor     eax, 77872F13h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0D4A67D85h
xor     eax, 0FB27696Bh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0E204AC8Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D369232Ch
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 9258ED4Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 34AD5575h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 58094C92h
xor     eax, 0B0EB2ABDh
xor     eax, 0E4D4EFF1h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0D1C5FBD8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6DCA33DBh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 4D2AF294h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 0AABFFD5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 71958D76h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 1F46593Fh
sub     eax, 0FF53F00Bh
xor     eax, 5464048Eh
add     eax, 43980878h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 2AD6171Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ED296A46h
sub     eax, 0EC2F59D6h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0A8B1A093h
add     eax, 0DCBB301Fh
xor     eax, 87018093h
xor     eax, 0C1AAB6AFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 4E3ABE99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F59BF8A8h
xor     eax, 4B56E670h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0C65A0039h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D1358CD9h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F4D1755Ah
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0E7AB3434h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0E4CB4D5Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 618E4082h
not     eax
xor     eax, 71F414A7h
xor     eax, 17157707h
sub     eax, 0CE83B70Ch
sub     eax, 5FA18987h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DD4624E1h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A60F43B9h
add     eax, 0F085BA52h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 90302256h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0D1D3B87Eh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 2E3DBB51h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0F6D2AF1Dh
sub     eax, 0DF78D6D6h
sub     eax, 0D7B5880Dh
sub     eax, 0BE05C019h
xor     eax, 1694C22Ah
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 252F4149h
sub     eax, 79DA206Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0CC7FE8C1h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 23C7BE54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0F65F71B5h
add     eax, 0CC16FC4Bh
sub     eax, 29AFD5C0h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 5AEF1E45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C5E42A5Ah
xor     eax, 0D105F9D5h
xor     eax, 0E1C9E2D3h
add     eax, 0C5AADAA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EDF0F192h
xor     eax, 6793B353h
add     eax, 0B9B24C73h
add     eax, 857BCB56h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 19098384h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0E329D665h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E110D344h
sub     eax, 51BEE1C7h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7CD40020h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 899E189Eh
xor     eax, 0CA013EBEh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 47FE228Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E355C8A3h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 1565074Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E264EFC3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 42D21B67h
xor     eax, 0D77AA8B0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D3185502h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 97A33DFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3D72B7EFh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 97BA0D38h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 3A6797C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6404F893h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0A0550CF1h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 701209D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4F6B281Fh
sub     eax, 57CF4581h
sub     eax, 0EEB27F8Bh
add     eax, 2690FC1Ah
add     eax, 7CE165E4h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A6CBA13Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AAAA05E6h
xor     eax, 0BCF0DAA7h
add     eax, 0D2D04DDEh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0FA199162h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0FC4D0EDCh
xor     eax, 2928E83Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 43CAA75Dh
sub     eax, 4949DA88h
add     eax, 0B41E4830h
sub     eax, 4C576AD3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0A995C6F1h
sub     eax, 0AA96C0DDh
add     eax, 0D6C47CE2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8F75AE4Eh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 910F1A8Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 231B6233h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8DA551DCh
xor     eax, 0C7AE7B3Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AEAA03B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 13C8167Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 4CF063B5h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 3BF7A327h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AB7B760Ah
sub     eax, 601026DFh
sub     eax, 411C5DDCh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0CD851ACFh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 90AC5E54h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 15990523h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3EAF872Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 919FB1EBh
not     eax
add     eax, 1D749E7Fh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 99D5F93Bh
add     eax, 4C469B47h
sub     eax, 0AC7AA3F6h
sub     eax, 5BCD5647h
xor     eax, 4DCEBFE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 1F10B97Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 78D78239h
sub     eax, 18B1B7F8h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 8F771DF7h
sub     eax, 9405926Ah
xor     eax, 60EFFC7Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0F6EB76D4h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 11900F24h
sub     eax, 1328C78Ch
add     eax, 10AB1A77h
sub     eax, 0AB8E6E62h
xor     eax, 47B1EA94h
add     eax, 0B11BAADEh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0E0EF775Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 76279B11h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 67CA8447h
sub     eax, 0ABCAD01Ah
add     eax, 660FC4C3h
sub     eax, 0DC7F976Ah
add     eax, 0A4FD5F41h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 51C6A0C9h
add     eax, 71840151h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 2EDD769Ah
xor     eax, 0BBC6F09Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4928C2B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 50D482B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0D13B4184h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0B480A8DCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4DCBFAD1h
sub     eax, 0DE74F0D9h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0D44C9775h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 716C1CF0h
xor     eax, 2748D3C8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ED1C4C3Bh
add     eax, 0EEA8BEC3h
sub     eax, 0EDF55AF3h
xor     eax, 0B1B5770Ah
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 61866FB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0DB8C6E1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 54909722h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2EF9CAADh
xor     eax, 2B23BD86h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8E6C1F56h
add     eax, 98A4739Eh
xor     eax, 35642298h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0DD5E7836h
sub     eax, 9B514CD1h
add     eax, 1E312C74h
sub     eax, 0A8FE940Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0D1AB763Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 64BE2DB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 99F8137Ah
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 37F4217Dh
xor     eax, 2C10A1A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0DCB91C4Ah
add     eax, 0F82E5307h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 758F99B9h
add     eax, 6BD91610h
xor     eax, 0F3E382CCh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 29B2BA49h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 5F8A48D4h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 3F9BAB02h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 86D5ADA1h
xor     eax, 6B91DE84h
not     eax
add     eax, 52A87724h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BA99EEB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E6D6A420h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AC7C249Ah
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 4908C224h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 31EFC79Bh
xor     eax, 4D77F471h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A3DFE533h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 2B07AB28h
add     eax, 6B31746Ah
add     eax, 0FCDEAE91h
xor     eax, 0F8377EF5h
xor     eax, 0B3BD45F3h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 5490D5D1h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 483D786Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0BCE2A7A6h
sub     eax, 1D79D489h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 60117A40h
sub     eax, 95E325DBh
xor     eax, 443D8E5Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CCC0759Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 654239FCh
sub     eax, 0F53F3B6Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4CFD00DFh
sub     eax, 0CEC696CAh
xor     eax, 0F1FBFB80h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 2C7D3524h
xor     eax, 9091B63Ch
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0F4D80842h
not     eax
add     eax, 76524DDFh
xor     eax, 137852B1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 24619D3Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B4E723FEh
xor     eax, 7311C46Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F295FDE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D30F1BDCh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 4FC6E133h
xor     eax, 59E40328h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 164539EBh
xor     eax, 94F3A5AFh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C38C0116h
xor     eax, 4F926F63h
sub     eax, 2F81D375h
xor     eax, 5D765281h
not     eax
add     eax, 725430D3h
sub     eax, 5F7802E6h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F6F9FB02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F6D1937Eh
sub     eax, 0CFD8232Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A45E23EBh
add     eax, 1CB4DBABh
sub     eax, 19C625FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 5886C47Eh
sub     eax, 4BEC7057h
sub     eax, 5B4BFEFCh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D2B66AD6h
add     eax, 319E4762h
sub     eax, 67885DB6h
sub     eax, 0D76B0F4Ah
add     eax, 6F8F05EAh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AF3F3F19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D801B884h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0A8310CD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 68148388h
add     eax, 8D24FB43h
sub     eax, 51FF8F76h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0AE3652AFh
sub     eax, 855F1DD3h
add     eax, 28C2B4F1h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0B8189045h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BCD9DACFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D0885EE6h
sub     eax, 3EA231D0h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 8184D400h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EC4479E0h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 99B31850h
add     eax, 420F9B16h
sub     eax, 1E75FA7Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A55DDE7Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E20FDE2Bh
sub     eax, 0A992FF60h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 952A69A2h
sub     eax, 0B026C701h
xor     eax, 50EA8A20h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0B0E9E522h
add     eax, 37B2D6CFh
sub     eax, 2AD4A008h
add     eax, 454C2EF2h
xor     eax, 815CEBD2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1415EABDh
sub     eax, 0A3657563h
sub     eax, 3A30246Fh
xor     eax, 0EB7E3174h
sub     eax, 55422995h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F9AE7167h
sub     eax, 0CD9273A3h
add     eax, 0EE6F87DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0A4497965h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 4AD4B5E8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E49B2AE5h
xor     eax, 0F3BD39B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4E608F19h
sub     eax, 0FE0155D3h
add     eax, 72E59D5Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 65B89FDBh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2B3125BAh
add     eax, 1F6111EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 75EDF6EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 82B8C5C6h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 79AF24DDh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ED5B9D6Ch
xor     eax, 73039D69h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 9340EAAFh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 340227B9h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0BBCB91FBh
sub     eax, 1B7E6553h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 7C9AB093h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0A3964AB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0B7EED714h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 6A743244h
add     eax, 0A5A14E32h
add     eax, 6D649DD1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0BF1BD4BBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0C1BD2A2Fh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 998AC66Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4191C955h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 69601464h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C58BF239h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0DE5EF92Ah
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 9853C962h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0ADB92083h
xor     eax, 2F57B6BEh
add     eax, 0F9A580B5h
add     eax, 0C53D88D5h
add     eax, 0D0D73740h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 63AB62FDh
xor     eax, 383B199Bh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 5A288143h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D57F3B62h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 7EC3BE8Bh
add     eax, 897E84ADh
sub     eax, 62EE8E66h
xor     eax, 0E7DAF98Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 80A73AD6h
sub     eax, 71525B70h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EE2330B2h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 66664A04h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D9792907h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 18925E25h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AED59E81h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 44A03E75h
add     eax, 1DD208D3h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DB63A3C8h
xor     eax, 6D2B6D37h
sub     eax, 525AE7FCh
xor     eax, 39DA3CAEh
add     eax, 66C5350Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 70882541h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0DBFD4938h
xor     eax, 0A35B066Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 45D10AF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 58C1A683h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 46F5E707h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C0C311ECh
sub     eax, 44775F1Fh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 661485DDh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0A856686Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7A528837h
xor     eax, 0A3238E54h
xor     eax, 0A1F61AC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A367D16Eh
add     eax, 0F01711C2h
xor     eax, 3AC44786h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0A8A05520h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 461E44FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 22F18E49h
add     eax, 86A290F5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0F785BF0Ah
add     eax, 453F8C63h
xor     eax, 4CAA893Ah
sub     eax, 0C349D829h
add     eax, 0E5823494h
xor     eax, 58DC6D2Bh
xor     eax, 0A3105743h
xor     eax, 0C276EA5Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9DA0814Bh
xor     eax, 839E16B7h
sub     eax, 0C98C22DCh
add     eax, 7E42ED80h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0C057D974h
xor     eax, 9494E64Bh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0DECA3F12h
add     eax, 3BAA6409h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 97DDEBA6h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 158EAA1Bh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 74AE28E7h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BD6A659Dh
sub     eax, 736BF956h
add     eax, 4BD3E6D0h
xor     eax, 50247623h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 36E51DA5h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 6676EAAAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CD284F96h
add     eax, 461D6B60h
add     eax, 32BE10C1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EF5ECEE9h
add     eax, 5C7F98DCh
add     eax, 216985BFh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 2795AFB6h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0DF47F664h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0D5692022h
add     eax, 0DC970318h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3F45186Fh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 5702C795h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4B9B314Dh
add     eax, 0A542A685h
sub     eax, 49EC0AEFh
sub     eax, 99B93520h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 50E8BF9Eh
add     eax, 0AFDCC172h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A3CC33CDh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0D38C7A24h
xor     eax, 0E7BECDBFh
add     eax, 7DA0FC38h
sub     eax, 0D87AD662h
add     eax, 5972F1FCh
add     eax, 22CA3EB1h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 68739224h
xor     eax, 276AA477h
add     eax, 87BB9097h
sub     eax, 578C7C77h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 75A1F8EBh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0BD418200h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 3D0A71DBh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 39A186DBh
sub     eax, 0B69D9E65h
sub     eax, 0F87BB17Bh
add     eax, 0CE6A6049h
add     eax, 0CDCAF332h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 242A67F4h
xor     eax, 61EAE009h
sub     eax, 9B819420h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D073DA13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ED8E6036h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5D45AE44h
add     eax, 757AAC5Ch
sub     eax, 170D9F23h
add     eax, 0A5CC94D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8A090EABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C6D7DDF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 98B952C1h
add     eax, 0EABC082Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0D7FC4760h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0B79E66AAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 53247224h
add     eax, 7E7BC02Ch
sub     eax, 0B026ADE1h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0E67D8BAEh
add     eax, 29E60FE1h
add     eax, 4AB88B5Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4596C447h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9A89A86Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 70E60EADh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 92DBC78Fh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0A3713B26h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 8DD67697h
not     eax
add     eax, 73D9943Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7B7ACFB5h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 6B9BD9F5h
xor     eax, 834A41B8h
xor     eax, 0EA8C0881h
xor     eax, 362F39BCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C531682Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 551D7E63h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0A47DF4E4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 8C5AEB6Fh
sub     eax, 29617881h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 545605CBh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 5977622Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 3E7A7E8Fh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0CBA81F1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 831D5A9Fh
xor     eax, 3504BF48h
xor     eax, 0B99B21C3h
sub     eax, 0E088EAC5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 9926B02Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0CCA09AF1h
add     eax, 9E97B3FBh
xor     eax, 0E8D3A658h
not     eax
sub     eax, 12090524h
sub     eax, 0F429D76Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0A1754DB0h
sub     eax, 60781AFFh
add     eax, 0B4DB5453h
sub     eax, 0A41C3722h
xor     eax, 0A47DC5DCh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 35EEB18Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 38DA4874h
add     eax, 8DB03FDFh
add     eax, 0B92509CAh
xor     eax, 1407845Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DC5CD944h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 3760C652h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0CC500607h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DC855BD0h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 79F07187h
xor     eax, 0E7A09975h
xor     eax, 0A4828514h
add     eax, 29BA8A9Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 829285F5h
xor     eax, 0CFAAF0D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16C3D57Dh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 59A8D337h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 78C84D46h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BC857474h
xor     eax, 4EADE89Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 3C108AB4h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 6A2522EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0ADAE7DABh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 53C202D1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 96D32E76h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 84BB32E6h
xor     eax, 665960A3h
xor     eax, 6645FB6Ah
xor     eax, 0CD3477B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 83C67876h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DE875F46h
sub     eax, 364EE99Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B451827Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 53A07A6Ch
add     eax, 3DCDFBE6h
sub     eax, 0FD31602Fh
xor     eax, 88618A18h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 70F03072h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F20550D7h
add     eax, 4F4F4320h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0BF98CE88h
sub     eax, 2AA1E4A3h
sub     eax, 824183DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 902199BEh
sub     eax, 0F55B973Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0DCDA8901h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2F7D710Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0C0A4E741h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 13D55D06h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0F49A388Bh
add     eax, 0C50E4914h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 390D03EAh
add     eax, 0BFB3C54Ch
add     eax, 0D7212865h
xor     eax, 0DBFF7AB1h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7288B006h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 7F13D451h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FAF9FEF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 96B69C28h
sub     eax, 3F0ECE4Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 4D71E260h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 7EB9998Eh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0C639924Ch
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0DB9D18B2h
sub     eax, 44266072h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 386C06F6h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 9FCFA905h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 92D4CBFCh
add     eax, 30F69983h
add     eax, 1C8B7E06h
add     eax, 0B3EE1F9Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4B20818Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 17E410FEh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 6D956C5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 6C3C96B5h
not     eax
add     eax, 2E08F64Eh
xor     eax, 1BECBFB6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CB0F65DDh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 9B9D0BE0h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0ED4C6625h
add     eax, 5188C7F5h
not     eax
add     eax, 657CDD44h
add     eax, 2D6464B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 13BC9927h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 8FD03AB8h
sub     eax, 0AADC7BCFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D359DCFDh
add     eax, 0EC624F6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2542DE91h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 2B1E76E4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 38C23CA8h
xor     eax, 5BE04253h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0FA998337h
add     eax, 3238AB83h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 1A0360ABh
add     eax, 0BFBE4F79h
sub     eax, 0D192A3A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AFA42CA0h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0C3054CE2h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 54997907h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 36271267h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2C13D2F1h
sub     eax, 110ED58Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0FE27CCD6h
xor     eax, 0EC434968h
xor     eax, 8B981A14h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0C8199DF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5F2326C4h
xor     eax, 0D3A0FA4Eh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0C19A5FF7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 446BC8CFh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AF72440Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 4C46EAB5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5D2253AAh
sub     eax, 3633A53Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9DBBA608h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 988D2EE0h
sub     eax, 9FC2D159h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0F6A5D17Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DD8D069Bh
xor     eax, 0C5C63F61h
xor     eax, 648E96D9h
xor     eax, 0E43FD1B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0A07D9C71h
sub     eax, 0FCC98801h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0ADD54C8Ch
add     eax, 6E1B5496h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0FB161283h
sub     eax, 57696615h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 1EBEB234h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0BFF3CAE9h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5AD00466h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E11E2D8Bh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 3F206A5Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 217B1D7Fh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 317E529Eh
add     eax, 388060DFh
add     eax, 1995AB1Ch
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 9E053C18h
sub     eax, 0FC2C544Eh
xor     eax, 8317ED00h
sub     eax, 621FD4B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8301EBA4h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0E5595E09h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1CAC358Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 372A70FAh
xor     eax, 0DCD3FD0Dh
xor     eax, 7F819584h
not     eax
add     eax, 8B7CB115h
add     eax, 0F06C1CDDh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 50137A04h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 63B7C230h
xor     eax, 6A8D2238h
xor     eax, 592175CBh
xor     eax, 2898D7B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ECC5040Bh
xor     eax, 394192C2h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0AE435983h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C883A820h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E56D6A4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0A87D28C7h
add     eax, 0F44915EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0F7BB19E0h
xor     eax, 3708DB7Dh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 730B5822h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C3687172h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 4D2088E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1195A9A6h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0AA7BBC38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 34D432C5h
add     eax, 0C91E0092h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E26753ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E724E96Dh
add     eax, 0DF1BAF69h
xor     eax, 69C9E0A6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0A0DED930h
xor     eax, 6397AEA2h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0ABA6F4A9h
xor     eax, 0D28CF313h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 2516CE82h
sub     eax, 5B569ACEh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0D6DF37F7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6239FA52h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5FABB3CCh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 95E190DBh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 15F56F0Dh
sub     eax, 88666755h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0BB1FE7C3h
xor     eax, 23545E57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 325B34ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 98904DFBh
sub     eax, 0CB218BB2h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B94126E2h
xor     eax, 235ADC66h
not     eax
add     eax, 624B7A90h
add     eax, 75ADD460h
xor     eax, 0C97535D0h
add     eax, 0DB046B55h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 42DF98CCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4BE4EB2Bh
xor     eax, 4A7A4E91h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BE7C4D56h
not     eax
sub     eax, 213F5A1Eh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 33588353h
sub     eax, 5C35FF83h
sub     eax, 57148A1Fh
xor     eax, 0AF2649AAh
add     eax, 1811C651h
xor     eax, 49A4D4E1h
xor     eax, 96938269h
xor     eax, 554BC163h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F866F940h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B98B3E3Eh
add     eax, 3F23590Eh
add     eax, 11FF83C7h
sub     eax, 0C2133139h
not     eax
add     eax, 273C3429h
add     eax, 0CD2A5EE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1AB9C3EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BCF1997Ah
add     eax, 5DEF8AB3h
add     eax, 32654474h
xor     eax, 0B31E5A45h
xor     eax, 5AB147B0h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 58855A27h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0E6753761h
add     eax, 236E13F0h
xor     eax, 3525BBAFh
sub     eax, 0AF7687DBh
add     eax, 0AE6554BAh
sub     eax, 0F91C92E5h
not     eax
add     eax, 9129C9E0h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0F2513460h
xor     eax, 3768778Ch
add     eax, 0DB109699h
xor     eax, 46E3A3B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9B226FC9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FC3C9098h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FE0F8B4Bh
sub     eax, 889956D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 8703D843h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0F5C81C2Ch
xor     eax, 3E91FDC5h
xor     eax, 7A1B876Bh
add     eax, 28DD917Fh
xor     eax, 3323DE8Fh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 81350CDAh
add     eax, 97B8A1AFh
add     eax, 27797BD0h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 46F1AA36h
add     eax, 0C313244Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 59C92FA4h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0D6B0765Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 86209BFDh
add     eax, 0E703ADE0h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 4B57A03Bh
add     eax, 7C4872F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0BF29275Ch
add     eax, 72503B54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5100B0EDh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2633D44Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0BA9FE8E5h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B4DD18A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9FF0D3C9h
sub     eax, 0C12AAA1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 8FBED2A5h
add     eax, 0C5002BB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0DEE217F6h
sub     eax, 0B2218867h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 616FBA39h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0D184FCB1h
add     eax, 0CFF1D88Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 96B05584h
sub     eax, 0D18B91C1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C82E8A5h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 7C67312Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 3ACDE85Fh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 38486169h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0CAE8D014h
xor     eax, 0A2BAE142h
xor     eax, 1D46CB5Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F9969F64h
xor     eax, 0DD715FD1h
xor     eax, 0D7D102D2h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 76877ED6h
sub     eax, 0E8E5A4A7h
xor     eax, 0BD5D9963h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D7768CAAh
add     eax, 5B23FB70h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 96C71F5Bh
add     eax, 0E8D10DECh
add     eax, 9A767CCBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A1738409h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 6B242A4Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0A0DE6774h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CE0816E5h
add     eax, 0B2D22136h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0CD7C7A4Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0C63540FCh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0C946086Bh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 212E95D4h
sub     eax, 2B5C874Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 16D53F0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D479F209h
add     eax, 0F608AA73h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 88AD4C4Ch
add     eax, 36504D09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0C93D070Eh
add     eax, 0CDE422C6h
add     eax, 7098AC0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 48EB2270h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 541CFF4Ch
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 878D420Ch
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 464B1891h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0C20A2F04h
not     eax
sub     eax, 54BF4F6Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 2A1A2AD4h
xor     eax, 61D04CBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 82106169h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 49E170D2h
sub     eax, 0F5FE3AABh
add     eax, 0E64C8273h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7842ECEEh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 5845B2EDh
sub     eax, 66A27821h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 319E236Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D875EFF8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 90EF7BAFh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4A358A1Ch
xor     eax, 0EAF289CEh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 4DE70DFBh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 5B5AC6FFh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 220A97C1h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 545DF350h
add     eax, 0CBEC8C2Eh
add     eax, 9BF920C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D1E0D7F0h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 22D851A4h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0D77973E2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C9D9B801h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0CFDDE209h
not     eax
add     eax, 7BF014C3h
sub     eax, 1AE6CAAEh
add     eax, 720EA197h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 8CD4E924h
add     eax, 92D65F50h
sub     eax, 732E0EFCh
xor     eax, 0C4B898B7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 6BBE7427h
sub     eax, 0E0F116CBh
sub     eax, 0B14B5B5Ah
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 26FC68BAh
add     eax, 0ACD7E69Eh
sub     eax, 0B91A00C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0A0EA2E2Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8CAC93CBh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B1EDDF97h
xor     eax, 0A42FD52Ch
xor     eax, 603DA410h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0F596B997h
xor     eax, 0E5DE414Ch
xor     eax, 0B87ADEDBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9652B339h
not     eax
add     eax, 574C05A7h
sub     eax, 28365A61h
add     eax, 523EDA77h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 57706C55h
add     eax, 0C8C646DCh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 1EA1F596h
add     eax, 6D36C891h
xor     eax, 0C6837617h
add     eax, 2F2F0069h
add     eax, 77C0A050h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E53D95D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7E361AC1h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 62EB23A4h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 45E05D32h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F9F72D3Ch
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 97ABA611h
xor     eax, 4EAB7ECAh
xor     eax, 140A8D38h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 7512EB38h
xor     eax, 0D4637DCDh
sub     eax, 55629822h
sub     eax, 7E285CE7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 162534E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 441CA8FFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 210D0641h
sub     eax, 0F00FB9F6h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 10BC7971h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0AF7CE27Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0E8C693A5h
add     eax, 826CDD5Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 31F64B34h
sub     eax, 93A5DCCEh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0C4057479h
xor     eax, 11FFAA4Bh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 65F176DBh
sub     eax, 930072AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EADD4E34h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 10893982h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0EEF67BB7h
xor     eax, 252A4710h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 9F48ECA1h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 20D0CB3Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0FE3664C4h
sub     eax, 2D6D64F1h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0D1B3945Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F9BD4B58h
add     eax, 0F48DEB8Eh
sub     eax, 6541386Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FEBDBFD0h
sub     eax, 0E2FABA7Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0D74A460Eh
xor     eax, 0D044A81Dh
add     eax, 0FA111CB3h
sub     eax, 2A72EAA4h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 73D4C929h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DBAAC626h
sub     eax, 0A36E2054h
xor     eax, 0C724A811h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CF2824E0h
xor     eax, 817CBCD4h
xor     eax, 7349644Dh
sub     eax, 8406CF97h
xor     eax, 14CF408Fh
add     eax, 0E930B3BCh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 861FF8D7h
xor     eax, 0DD33B3AAh
add     eax, 0EA2584EAh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0DFE8BBA0h
sub     eax, 0DA99AC48h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D512227Fh
sub     eax, 0F8C5EDE0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 311A7912h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0E5548965h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DB2C3374h
xor     eax, 9CCC634Bh
sub     eax, 37598CEBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 98DB48F8h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 66CCE2B9h
xor     eax, 0B1EA71C7h
xor     eax, 57AEB087h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 2115C6B3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2777E1FBh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E52D8746h
xor     eax, 7CD476CBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2316ABD4h
add     eax, 3807AB9Eh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FFF06AF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CB456B55h
add     eax, 0C313F65Eh
add     eax, 294C1992h
add     eax, 3ABCC196h
xor     eax, 0C7B3D0B4h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 5C52896Dh
add     eax, 5DE47526h
sub     eax, 374749DFh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 67042170h
add     eax, 5CD79B84h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0B716E3D3h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 577830C3h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 5EA3F602h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FBFE64F2h
add     eax, 25C7F681h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 4BC9E63Bh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9BF55BD0h
add     eax, 976B44F9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 67E13733h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0CEDAC988h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3018313Fh
add     eax, 6929B9EBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 1CA2587Bh
sub     eax, 93B7A876h
xor     eax, 194871BCh
sub     eax, 0D19D5370h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 3ACF1604h
add     eax, 0B297DAD3h
xor     eax, 6B8B5ADBh
sub     eax, 0ED3694C8h
sub     eax, 0D28D149Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 38F505B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7AAB586Fh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 6810CB61h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 7F786E3Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 86A4DB9Dh
xor     eax, 0A048206Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0D50B3968h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 8654971Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 39CBAF4Bh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 45D2AE97h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6739AA64h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 85FA1E47h
xor     eax, 0A5AD6CE4h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 9526F1B5h
sub     eax, 7E769C89h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C3709B96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 11F7F6AFh
add     eax, 771A9180h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 68D40FB2h
xor     eax, 0A99068C5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A11B58C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D7734576h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B7E5771Dh
xor     eax, 0C1277B4Ch
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 7B0CDA51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F727B8CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 7E18CF4Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D3780DEFh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0B1AFC297h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0C58DC470h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1CCAE120h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB00EBDCh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 21303982h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F3BD8681h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5A848DABh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 644165ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D1A13ADEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0B80C0D8Eh
sub     eax, 12C64606h
sub     eax, 7FF352B0h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 83A14132h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 633F3DBCh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0BBD7B2D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5923F228h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 66CE38ACh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A1F8603Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0F35DF9DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FF9814D8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CF577D7Fh
xor     eax, 0A6573FB6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9829E276h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 733E5705h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B2AC1B70h
add     eax, 450EA354h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 4A3BB59Ch
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 70FBDFC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2EA6C8FCh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 4C3E10F0h
sub     eax, 9E3AADB2h
not     eax
add     eax, 615BCEF8h
xor     eax, 43F2867Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 411948E5h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 437B1E72h
sub     eax, 0BDD57731h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0DC9DA09Bh
add     eax, 3843CD74h
xor     eax, 0A5526FA6h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 3358E633h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 8D63375Eh
add     eax, 8B8FD689h
add     eax, 646D2751h
add     eax, 9B827D36h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 81B98D69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3219D3EAh
xor     eax, 76D67CFCh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0F9F0B6C7h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F00051F8h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0CC925560h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6369355Ah
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 17FCD5DBh
sub     eax, 0DB8F8CB2h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0F6B1D563h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 58199C64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2061020Dh
sub     eax, 64CB6882h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 82075218h
sub     eax, 63129D31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 69E41D6Dh
xor     eax, 0D665C7FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0A5715D26h
add     eax, 0AFC43960h
xor     eax, 619984F8h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 48E3D76Dh
add     eax, 0CCB789BDh
add     eax, 365A9DA4h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 51A65E10h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0F775051Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 45E45C30h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 3BF2CD2Dh
xor     eax, 0BC3A4327h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 70324B5Dh
sub     eax, 3C5E95E9h
sub     eax, 0C4079EEBh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 2B94B853h
sub     eax, 0F44B15C2h
xor     eax, 0BC8EC137h
add     eax, 0BA76A9DBh
add     eax, 64575095h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 457AB680h
add     eax, 0C6D2856Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CD360648h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 339B768Ah
sub     eax, 0B2CEF3BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 624C0887h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0AFF631F7h
add     eax, 6F2BDF8Eh
xor     eax, 3FAA4572h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 9DD3E75Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 774AD4A6h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 2C945536h
sub     eax, 0D69F4157h
sub     eax, 79D87D23h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 334B96EAh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 1749A886h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0A7E4A3C0h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0BA8B7CADh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BE535611h
add     eax, 1FD6B57Fh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 5BF00F90h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 62CF14ECh
xor     eax, 1BF52031h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 461C9684h
sub     eax, 237B10A8h
sub     eax, 0D9826BE5h
add     eax, 23B859DAh
xor     eax, 31B391F1h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0AAFC3E88h
sub     eax, 41406D56h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0C0FD0922h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 1C6821DAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 87227678h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C92291B3h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 7DC90664h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 440CFB4Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0B5A4A06Bh
sub     eax, 5DAAEA42h
sub     eax, 0AFCD31E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 30998482h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0A96E5508h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AE0A85F0h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2B99042Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 285136A8h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 7149D1B7h
sub     eax, 23DD362Ch
xor     eax, 820B64BCh
sub     eax, 2D5979C1h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6C7AC0D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 2FBC9B1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0EBCBC797h
xor     eax, 0DBF604C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9BC80191h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A99FFD9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BA0361DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 15AC362Fh
sub     eax, 628AC46Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0C1FD89FFh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 78784F26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 38708811h
xor     eax, 351754E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A1A3C587h
xor     eax, 0E1332629h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 52A8E212h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 2C62843Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 1B54649Fh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CC190AD1h
sub     eax, 0C2BA4EDDh
add     eax, 0DB6AD61Ch
add     eax, 768F1F3Fh
add     eax, 5A999661h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 56B4FF18h
xor     eax, 0AA23ED09h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4FA07713h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BC2978EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 2910D9DEh
add     eax, 4BC04C6Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 701562A1h
sub     eax, 0CF299B9Fh
add     eax, 24A73913h
xor     eax, 988B0AFEh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B063E59Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 83C5497Fh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 43B3BF37h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 154C9CCAh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 27DBF4F5h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5DB7CF39h
xor     eax, 0D34A1ED2h
sub     eax, 64B14503h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 992DC690h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0E6FE0847h
xor     eax, 0CD2E5138h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0F5B92FC1h
xor     eax, 0DC32C891h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 7A51FF88h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 470F5515h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 52A44FFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 27DD0F25h
xor     eax, 0E2D03139h
add     eax, 0CF63A67Ch
sub     eax, 0EF7225F4h
xor     eax, 0F9D31B26h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 781ADCCEh
add     eax, 88F64403h
sub     eax, 23459CD1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 934A36D2h
add     eax, 0E31A6621h
xor     eax, 0D160690Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FC0B66FEh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 1EC4C204h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6D7EC907h
xor     eax, 0F009606Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5AEF9CA1h
add     eax, 25B8E001h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0D90E1661h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 61BCB1F5h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 2187AC10h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A7F3241Bh
sub     eax, 0D525391Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 8555ECB1h
sub     eax, 0D6440483h
not     eax
sub     eax, 238901F9h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0F8CD5000h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 9F091503h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0B9E49148h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0D002313Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 459D56F0h
xor     eax, 0F0907A4Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 4879D13Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 28EEE967h
xor     eax, 91564743h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 8562657Fh
sub     eax, 6AC4D65Ah
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0B652FD75h
sub     eax, 17C9079Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0F7AC7A7Ah
xor     eax, 0D3FC1928h
add     eax, 0C52F4513h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0E557E154h
xor     eax, 59A0C02Fh
xor     eax, 372335F9h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0A45C49D4h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CB956E40h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 63E982CFh
add     eax, 0C09DFC57h
add     eax, 0E2127604h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 95DFAFD9h
sub     eax, 0F4836DC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 47CDCEB6h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 4D956343h
xor     eax, 15FB611Ch
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 455B3215h
add     eax, 20FCA2C7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0B7A3FE82h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E59163C2h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 1B7834AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B8C89B2Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0A65AE41Eh
xor     eax, 56B6A336h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 1710600Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8193483Eh
add     eax, 0E6F6CDB5h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 8DB9BF2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C9E06DB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 591A35CAh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E98B3095h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 16B2D8E9h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 1782C5BDh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0BAAAD163h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1CAEDD74h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6DA49AC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 631A48D9h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 3A11711Bh
add     eax, 63A98D0Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 8F514516h
xor     eax, 42F99FDCh
add     eax, 0EDE5A3ABh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 7A672E5Dh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 59A8B0D2h
xor     eax, 76586B1Eh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 1EBFB7EAh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0A132587Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 63ECB8D8h
xor     eax, 3E3C0C9Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 10DBC4C4h
add     eax, 13587806h
xor     eax, 130A5477h
sub     eax, 9E7888BBh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 1D15681Ah
xor     eax, 901529E0h
sub     eax, 97977EA1h
add     eax, 18DF1568h
xor     eax, 9B5B4943h
sub     eax, 9B033E0Dh
add     eax, 0ADBB3106h
sub     eax, 31C1DAE7h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 50B96F63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1E75D2F8h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 803A7326h
sub     eax, 908131F9h
sub     eax, 0F63C2C1Ch
xor     eax, 65BEBD82h
sub     eax, 0EE4E4ED5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 3C62CE37h
sub     eax, 91B63D23h
add     eax, 0C0CA847Eh
xor     eax, 0A07B7DECh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C0B8B5FCh
not     eax
add     eax, 5742096Ch
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 1BAC2024h
add     eax, 92E5F891h
not     eax
add     eax, 429FF84Ah
xor     eax, 5F44BAE5h
sub     eax, 455E4D90h
xor     eax, 13B4119Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AEC19D9Ah
xor     eax, 0F5F68885h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0E8C4353Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 720A8E48h
add     eax, 57B0C75Ah
add     eax, 0B7E146F8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9FB25E10h
xor     eax, 51B38063h
xor     eax, 2D2AC797h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 638845D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6CFF0623h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0BF409D7Fh
xor     eax, 85D4F34Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5D074B23h
sub     eax, 6F3D3234h
add     eax, 0C2C64674h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 56F2CEC4h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0D89CDDC9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0AE9C4B4Dh
add     eax, 86C1AC66h
xor     eax, 0A5EAEA31h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0F3023CC0h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DF2F6101h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 26123F65h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 718F7C30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0F450707Fh
sub     eax, 0C328E110h
xor     eax, 0BDE11B4Dh
xor     eax, 0BF9D6953h
xor     eax, 0F4DB7C9Dh
sub     eax, 0E376BB0Bh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 1085532Fh
xor     eax, 0C6302AD1h
sub     eax, 665D17EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DE05ACAEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EB4C762Ch
sub     eax, 6DB23199h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0CE288DD2h
sub     eax, 0EBAE82BEh
sub     eax, 0CCAB4113h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D0DC205Bh
add     eax, 5B1DEC82h
xor     eax, 76675F64h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A151BCEDh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0F915803Ah
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 4CE0A4CBh
sub     eax, 0FA3CD311h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 134E902Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BDDF07BDh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9F945512h
xor     eax, 0CE3FB3C1h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E01C9E38h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0FE23558Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 5FD1894Eh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E054EAAFh
sub     eax, 2BDDD2F0h
add     eax, 17EB2AB7h
xor     eax, 0DBF2E407h
xor     eax, 0B246BC17h
sub     eax, 5C93ADFEh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FB877AE6h
add     eax, 0A3FAEFA9h
sub     eax, 1BBC5385h
add     eax, 0A85CAEB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0B9BEC33Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 9406BDABh
not     eax
add     eax, 7CD7A619h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 379CB818h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AA03082Dh
xor     eax, 44A99906h
xor     eax, 469E3CFAh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 9D678B81h
add     eax, 0B1F7FDCFh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 8911D0F2h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FD640081h
xor     eax, 0DBE05A96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7D12228Eh
add     eax, 13E08E71h
sub     eax, 9F06104Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8C1E28CBh
xor     eax, 0CD65C861h
add     eax, 0B3ED1F1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 46902B61h
add     eax, 0AD64CBE1h
add     eax, 0A5A5E812h
xor     eax, 9DD03041h
xor     eax, 4273F3C7h
sub     eax, 0DDF76C35h
add     eax, 20652EC6h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 13231B62h
add     eax, 0C2FFB9E4h
sub     eax, 180DF3EFh
sub     eax, 4677F646h
add     eax, 733649C9h
add     eax, 0B882BA6Fh
sub     eax, 76BCA774h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F1806A6Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A0FCCA2Bh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0D7B6C53Bh
sub     eax, 5045A182h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 0A711D15Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F79A0B29h
xor     eax, 0DCFA8EA9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0CDF6C305h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 762CA85Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 659E1D7Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 686A9111h
add     eax, 194E526Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3AB21284h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E5CA64CEh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 975B861Ah
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 825577ABh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0DB7586FCh
add     eax, 46043F54h
sub     eax, 2114E770h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F1F0B7E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 84166222h
xor     eax, 0E0B5DA93h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F1D1BC3Dh
add     eax, 276A2716h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 18E396D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1D39FFECh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 45EE9046h
add     eax, 51E18AE8h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0A1A549F9h
xor     eax, 44AB727Eh
sub     eax, 0FD6DB2D8h
xor     eax, 160FEA24h
xor     eax, 1C2B705Ch
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EC5045A0h
xor     eax, 912DE476h
sub     eax, 0DE589717h
sub     eax, 0E9F9FD10h
xor     eax, 59791695h
xor     eax, 62997E69h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 54D0ED2Eh
add     eax, 5F8E7FFBh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0A5F5E8A7h
sub     eax, 6AEF8840h
add     eax, 0F9214C25h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 1477294Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0A67A6A66h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 712778BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0BEFBA0A4h
add     eax, 1199554Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 9B253005h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0EA1EFEA2h
sub     eax, 0D34B0F65h
xor     eax, 0C26C5651h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 48308E52h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6E54CF11h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BD16B10Eh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 23A69549h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C047FB4Eh
xor     eax, 9E8A70B5h
xor     eax, 82FD1E9Eh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 7D30CCAEh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0AABECD12h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0BAB25FD5h
sub     eax, 0BC19C3ECh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0AC83C275h
xor     eax, 321B58A9h
add     eax, 0A35D9AD0h
xor     eax, 10F9CFF5h
sub     eax, 0E5F7151Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F7E8C93Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0E27582EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7539D7B2h
add     eax, 1839BFC0h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 422C272Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 72AF8B97h
add     eax, 6AC7768Ah
add     eax, 0B22F25D5h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A9463DA5h
sub     eax, 0E0415B3Fh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 995B04D6h
sub     eax, 435E2DD6h
sub     eax, 0EA4650C4h
sub     eax, 0AC8A6FA5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0A1EB30D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FAFE3B1Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 391508BEh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 74E79C25h
add     eax, 4A94DA1Eh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D963CAE6h
xor     eax, 0E9880C29h
sub     eax, 0BCA7BF1Bh
add     eax, 32EB0EFFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 70325F64h
xor     eax, 56318264h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 97F8C8FAh
add     eax, 12CE17DAh
sub     eax, 0B9CDAF19h
sub     eax, 7ACD51DEh
add     eax, 90472ACEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D4A9AD75h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0DF5F3DD2h
sub     eax, 6E88DF49h
sub     eax, 1FCD5BFFh
xor     eax, 31E1F05Ah
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0E83B36A0h
sub     eax, 0A7414259h
xor     eax, 0D3E877C8h
sub     eax, 0CC41D476h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 316C8C1Ch
add     eax, 0B62CF858h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0DA91596Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 66E4AA42h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7003D6FFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5072206Eh
add     eax, 50531E7Fh
add     eax, 996A962Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 4D3E0A5Fh
xor     eax, 63869498h
add     eax, 0EAC990B0h
sub     eax, 0C2366E48h
xor     eax, 8B75E316h
add     eax, 0EB65B5F6h
xor     eax, 4C1F682Bh
xor     eax, 1BE8B184h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0F2C570DDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 549EC1B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3EB474B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 449B824Ch
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9827CA6Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 12F6165Eh
add     eax, 1861E4F0h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 7856B4FFh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0ED5E5826h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 5BB498DEh
xor     eax, 86B52556h
sub     eax, 79B2FDB6h
sub     eax, 74DA2A5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8F946BFBh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 30879D02h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0BDDFB082h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 118B33EBh
xor     eax, 9DEF8869h
xor     eax, 0F2E95D27h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 74BB5DE3h
add     eax, 8EB8ACDCh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0FFE20D99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F2BD2B83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CFB91D48h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 8B0E5441h
sub     eax, 5BECE608h
sub     eax, 7AD2268Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 52102B7Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 97F39BACh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0A3EEEADCh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8B9BFD72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16B2EB6Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6A29A8D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 95BBE100h
xor     eax, 8A87DB0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A8ED088Ch
sub     eax, 0A31311C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 436E677Bh
add     eax, 0D1AAA4E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 10A99D77h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0A1299AE8h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 1615871Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4969C8C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C906E46Dh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 5E2E81A1h
xor     eax, 4E43908Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0FF714342h
sub     eax, 312C9CEAh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 20143D33h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9AA0E050h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 6672B83Ch
xor     eax, 0B45B61BDh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 904CE02Fh
sub     eax, 0C66269CCh
sub     eax, 501C7902h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 40F448BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 9BF3DF4Fh
sub     eax, 0DF892064h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4871DD2Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 72BD0C31h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 5E052E1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E8377306h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E5A06B09h
sub     eax, 86440D26h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 436090E9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7B431BA9h
xor     eax, 0C252C85Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F6149A89h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 10B1F835h
xor     eax, 0DF5AB211h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C3B53DCBh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 2E60FC27h
sub     eax, 0FF0D85D7h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 5671A13Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DA147D6Dh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 58C487A5h
add     eax, 2ADA4B42h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CD363C1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CA35EAB6h
sub     eax, 5ED761B2h
sub     eax, 9761DA43h
xor     eax, 0AF22A58Ah
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B569E5B8h
xor     eax, 9636C6AAh
add     eax, 818D43EEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3D852E0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 64D79AAEh
xor     eax, 0F1354E46h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 3FAC196Eh
sub     eax, 33111E48h
add     eax, 0A889C6CDh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 17F4A7E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 22F33488h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0C8F82B32h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 8AB60E05h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 359532EAh
add     eax, 521A05C8h
sub     eax, 0AB6A2897h
add     eax, 0E1F3B4B2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 30592AA2h
add     eax, 9751FE9Eh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 436D0DC7h
add     eax, 5D23ED6Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8566411Dh
add     eax, 552C454Ah
xor     eax, 0A5C65686h
sub     eax, 87B2DFE9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 789134E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3AC6D342h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0CFA72B7Ch
sub     eax, 0FA978599h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 68036CA2h
xor     eax, 0F51E53EBh
sub     eax, 5B04922Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 614707BCh
sub     eax, 92CF4D89h
add     eax, 0F0C25367h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 76E30387h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8D146FC6h
add     eax, 0A38D89A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5FD53ED3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 93F28540h
xor     eax, 2069FA0Ah
add     eax, 0BBB9B32Bh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 98A4018Eh
sub     eax, 0ADCEE69Dh
sub     eax, 0D3BA47A6h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0A3B2FD39h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B0F72C66h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 5BA979F2h
xor     eax, 88A895E5h
add     eax, 23094F38h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0EFCF74B3h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 987634A3h
add     eax, 6C6E068Dh
xor     eax, 74D5EDC3h
sub     eax, 0E2703B56h
add     eax, 92DFD0D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E9161EAAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 3D282D5Eh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 6663CE8Ch
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 4754FB7Bh
xor     eax, 0F49C0A97h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 86584B2Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A93EAEC0h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 57141B93h
sub     eax, 0E84408A3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0AEE55FADh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0B8F1E5C0h
xor     eax, 632C8778h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E3CA1DF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 8BDF8CEFh
xor     eax, 141E5ECBh
xor     eax, 3C4563EDh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0CC7C8114h
sub     eax, 55D49A67h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 9616DBE8h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 50FEF700h
xor     eax, 8E7CE194h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 64814F94h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 89E18C48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF05621Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B8CDE61Fh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0C792BF4Fh
xor     eax, 0CDCC4339h
add     eax, 0E68FF546h
xor     eax, 8AF24F25h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 86D5EA33h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 924D8A32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0DF81D716h
xor     eax, 0F85A75E6h
add     eax, 556F028Ah
sub     eax, 51BF4E0Eh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 771CEB90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 29F123F7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 349BEE4Ah
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0E1A324B0h
add     eax, 0E031EFE3h
sub     eax, 860280FDh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0C43ECC69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 3CAE4E66h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6B819030h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8A783E71h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3E9E9EF8h
xor     eax, 334E5807h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5A46B1DBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A619F69Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8E6F727Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 812688A5h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E9B8042Fh
xor     eax, 4E6CA3B9h
add     eax, 0A4CD02D3h
add     eax, 3D45890Fh
sub     eax, 40523557h
xor     eax, 87ADD043h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9D4E4454h
xor     eax, 0B3ACECDDh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BEDA4869h
add     eax, 8BD50D88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C5F9AE05h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F4908249h
xor     eax, 21C6CD00h
sub     eax, 1B95B77Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D4F2C3E5h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 301FEC53h
add     eax, 5BEBACA6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F5F689D2h
xor     eax, 5984BA65h
sub     eax, 83A29C24h
sub     eax, 348010B8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 81339AACh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D8B916E9h
sub     eax, 0AB73B090h
sub     eax, 2342F146h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BD69953Bh
add     eax, 30EA3887h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 7419F62Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C0DA928Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 22C89B6Dh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 270D3E05h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0B5C3693Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 6EDE47E7h
add     eax, 63B740AEh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 1759AAB0h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0A86D18C6h
add     eax, 0E633137Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6D9AC5BCh
xor     eax, 4DBFD6E9h
add     eax, 0D3EDEE71h
sub     eax, 0C20AF6A3h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 980483FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EE96D054h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0A99D8C44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0C9DE00B2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 49D63D0Ch
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0D0014568h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 8E7F1C0Dh
add     eax, 0CB0B16ECh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E0886670h
add     eax, 5AAEFE94h
add     eax, 0C3BA58D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 3072D891h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 53447B44h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 16727B14h
xor     eax, 833D05F8h
xor     eax, 4663E092h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C5BF21E9h
add     eax, 3C2F6191h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 8D5A4C95h
sub     eax, 0BCF91B11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A8E0E3C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2CA0FB21h
xor     eax, 0A72E02FCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 6679930Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4E02F6B3h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0D5D01FFFh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 696C96BBh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 39E083D0h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C54F79E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 80B383CDh
xor     eax, 0B29A130Eh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 47EE79D8h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0CF42009Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 6466AD9Eh
xor     eax, 0E109D36Fh
sub     eax, 0A3E28922h
add     eax, 0EBFB067Fh
add     eax, 6E6F4837h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E7F20F64h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C3458120h
sub     eax, 589F6506h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 2D9A0F2Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 1D6E19F5h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 828A1577h
sub     eax, 5A17CC46h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 38E3DAFCh
sub     eax, 70B7090Fh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0AB2A7EAEh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0C65861B1h
sub     eax, 49CD0B32h
xor     eax, 8F3F20E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 74D57DB9h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7314D0C6h
xor     eax, 0DDB35720h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 621976C2h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E9F4114Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E0724993h
xor     eax, 427DEA40h
not     eax
xor     eax, 60111C23h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0F6096FF7h
xor     eax, 144BD017h
sub     eax, 0D7CE35E9h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0B347BD51h
xor     eax, 9E4FA2A1h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0D194C208h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D172885Bh
add     eax, 0CF7A918Eh
sub     eax, 4B5D56DAh
sub     eax, 4030C698h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 48D93330h
xor     eax, 0C90C747Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 99D26361h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3A7D59E4h
xor     eax, 0BF00E998h
xor     eax, 234FBECFh
sub     eax, 0A36EB951h
xor     eax, 309EF2ADh
add     eax, 14F0CAB1h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0F03FBCC4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0C2FAB53Ch
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 1F0A48D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BBD31221h
add     eax, 0B261CD08h
sub     eax, 0EA1E3CF0h
add     eax, 0A83973FAh
xor     eax, 0B90E1AE5h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 1E510760h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 54E66CD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8E94777Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C91EB273h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C8851E48h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 17680DD8h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0D5132B91h
add     eax, 9C6E3FC5h
sub     eax, 96D66DC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0D245E6F4h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 867F2C1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6602F4B1h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 8E5CEFFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A74DBFACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 20A9D053h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D9D249CFh
xor     eax, 0AC23BFE0h
add     eax, 3B0FD173h
sub     eax, 6EC06C9Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D7047E97h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 22B74975h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0DA0DB74Bh
xor     eax, 889DB123h
sub     eax, 24FDDACFh
add     eax, 564D9BF1h
sub     eax, 8EEE8C63h
sub     eax, 77270C6Bh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B3CCF411h
sub     eax, 0EFD7B33Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7A63BD2Dh
add     eax, 80C45749h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BFC836BFh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 83275C7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D7753598h
xor     eax, 88BCE26Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BE41FEA2h
xor     eax, 7BDB7B97h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 81DDCD81h
xor     eax, 0B597B6D2h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0C1BB6F9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 9ACFC018h
sub     eax, 23B684D5h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0E069075Bh
add     eax, 70FA1164h
xor     eax, 91D78F75h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 715F8C23h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 1DF90021h
xor     eax, 11275435h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 5241AB58h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7C6355C7h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3B8E4139h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EF179AEBh
add     eax, 7121A0CFh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0D49651CDh
xor     eax, 72DE9E88h
xor     eax, 0CE8755ACh
sub     eax, 0CD7353F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0EB974F36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0D626B412h
xor     eax, 88027101h
sub     eax, 0BB8213ACh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6E920F84h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0EA2EC51Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0D02EA5C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 18B02732h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 90EA0969h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 8B5934CBh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B39DCD4Fh
xor     eax, 330EE808h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3B825080h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 5A884BBCh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 4A3EFC70h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 6964C6C2h
add     eax, 459024E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7CA2661Ch
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0DC6430A8h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 514A7B96h
sub     eax, 39D0F36Fh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0E57AA570h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0C7627680h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D4169996h
xor     eax, 0B681D449h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 10EBA2E6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C526FE90h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 69AF783Eh
sub     eax, 85BC3EDDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7A3BEE71h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 6F7A5991h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0DD82906Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0A3D887D5h
sub     eax, 86679C4Ch
sub     eax, 90318DF5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E401FE35h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EFB10775h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FAFDE064h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 928DB1C4h
xor     eax, 2D65441Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 87FACF30h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 8F46A439h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6CE6D5C0h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 9D151DC2h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 671F5131h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F2858B3Fh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 6DFA2B79h
xor     eax, 6CC04EA3h
add     eax, 0FFA41AD1h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 8F6E6C91h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4F01A161h
not     eax
add     eax, 269FDDCDh
sub     eax, 1AC1B7C6h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0E85984DFh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CF7269B1h
add     eax, 8996159Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 721A219Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 438A44AAh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0E24025EAh
xor     eax, 0D98732BBh
xor     eax, 183341A3h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 33FB5379h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 1E073F82h
xor     eax, 0D5A3E5A0h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 50E70630h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F35BB140h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0FA9B993Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8D328B4Eh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 44C56292h
sub     eax, 5E1CF979h
xor     eax, 21FC7A7Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 26610191h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4CC9581Eh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BE700C94h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3BC17C75h
xor     eax, 86EA521Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A1C32F10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0B0475346h
xor     eax, 9616FE2Dh
sub     eax, 1967DE1Bh
sub     eax, 3BE09B0Ch
add     eax, 7DCAD7E5h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EE9FBABFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B49F54A9h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0AF08B6C7h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0F0966FC5h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 1277EEC4h
xor     eax, 0D201B318h
sub     eax, 2D558950h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 9BE802D0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4BA80151h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2D5F868Ah
xor     eax, 91BFDBBBh
sub     eax, 56A5A0B1h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 26414835h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0B20C59BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A47FFE3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 29D5CF51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 3C5929A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4986EB86h
add     eax, 0F9297AE7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 716BC04Bh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FEF156C8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7A163D47h
add     eax, 0A84C92B3h
add     eax, 5E495432h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 17651EBEh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0B185FED2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 64043230h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C042CDF7h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 92F899DFh
sub     eax, 14BCD882h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0C8FAB44Dh
xor     eax, 4002BE5Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7AF8B5EAh
sub     eax, 22952B51h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CE3C83BCh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 7A7827B9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 96A4F877h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 7A8BB577h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 308E67BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 7647D011h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 8181F1A7h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 8AE135B5h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 3E990EE3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0F08D09A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 22BE3064h
sub     eax, 0A3E985A9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 2CFD4BD2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C203DCECh
sub     eax, 0B2504326h
xor     eax, 0E8767AF7h
add     eax, 0FFD437D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 3FB8D7E1h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 40BD090Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 4E64E392h
sub     eax, 0BBA0DC6Dh
sub     eax, 82CBB0AFh
xor     eax, 42F1EB3Bh
xor     eax, 107EBDE5h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 84315689h
not     eax
sub     eax, 99CDD77Dh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 36317C0Ch
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 91CF2A3Ch
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B09FAC25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0FFF1EA3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 2031CB32h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 267385CAh
add     eax, 8AC5631Dh
add     eax, 62331820h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 1AF4BCD6h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B306DF3Fh
xor     eax, 90BDA6A5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7EC93735h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 47B014AEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 69AFD9B0h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 1E95DA77h
sub     eax, 0E9B71AC9h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AE65EBDCh
add     eax, 7EA4995Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D7786778h
xor     eax, 8A410383h
add     eax, 4A3886BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B5178AF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3853EB8Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 17CCBD15h
sub     eax, 3C8FD8BDh
xor     eax, 743D8C18h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 516EDCD2h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0BF4DF0E2h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0BDBADAD9h
sub     eax, 25B6ECB0h
add     eax, 3800AC05h
sub     eax, 0ECBE720Fh
add     eax, 0F316B9FDh
sub     eax, 0FE5AC9A8h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 609CE26Fh
xor     eax, 7AE27D87h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 406672A2h
add     eax, 0AC23274Dh
sub     eax, 0BA83E7C3h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DB78248Bh
xor     eax, 46D44371h
xor     eax, 3EB6DCFCh
sub     eax, 5FA30739h
add     eax, 0B05023E7h
xor     eax, 254C0307h
add     eax, 966BB423h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 26EEBB54h
add     eax, 0C32F4DF4h
xor     eax, 0D8CDE041h
add     eax, 0A775AB47h
xor     eax, 864FB411h
sub     eax, 0DEF6586Ch
xor     eax, 3DB2E941h
sub     eax, 21BA1E2Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0DA2B0763h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 85298AA4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6592A09Ch
sub     eax, 629876D4h
xor     eax, 836DFBF0h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B119DABDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3E799DEDh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5D915EB2h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 9133F9A0h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 5B26396Fh
xor     eax, 1C99A74Bh
add     eax, 0B988CA40h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 8DA0E8BEh
xor     eax, 4EB65A58h
sub     eax, 79BB9D5Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C64F54CBh
sub     eax, 42091D3Fh
xor     eax, 3D0C3A02h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 47D50941h
xor     eax, 20CF2774h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BB56A99Dh
xor     eax, 0D7077616h
xor     eax, 44CA69A4h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 98E16752h
sub     eax, 21B5F584h
xor     eax, 776AB500h
xor     eax, 472EC7B1h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0E036701Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A7300277h
not     eax
sub     eax, 13BF0498h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 4B2F15FAh
add     eax, 0D5CF97B6h
add     eax, 665D7CDDh
sub     eax, 0ED17BE5Fh
add     eax, 0B2765F76h
add     eax, 7EF045E5h
xor     eax, 0E59CB607h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F93E7AE0h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 969B3838h
xor     eax, 7115555Ah
xor     eax, 60B277F9h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 3B579ADCh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 8C96ED97h
sub     eax, 67055E05h
add     eax, 8ECFBBCFh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0D954BAE9h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F072CB60h
add     eax, 0EE2B57D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 172052BAh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 8E738303h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 55A72611h
add     eax, 3F904D4Eh
xor     eax, 0DA13D81Ch
sub     eax, 894C14C1h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3DD6AA9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 8323608Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 35786D8Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0BC7C775Dh
sub     eax, 0CEE12D2Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BFDB8D82h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B8DD7AD6h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 7B7BAD09h
add     eax, 27D499AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5A4C47CCh
xor     eax, 1B4FD7C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0C3EA635Eh
add     eax, 53C19A93h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 3913A5D9h
sub     eax, 0E5BF5F56h
xor     eax, 0A11E994Ch
sub     eax, 0D8E76D60h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 7A64FFC4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 85C05467h
sub     eax, 4EDF14C3h
sub     eax, 3F540453h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0F8294104h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 2AC65F12h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 4A2E11B8h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 4FA127C4h
xor     eax, 205C0B8Bh
add     eax, 0D78D545Bh
add     eax, 103DF59Ch
add     eax, 980C4552h
add     eax, 8F855F0Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 75682024h
sub     eax, 47531B15h
sub     eax, 627C9345h
add     eax, 0B11AAD31h
add     eax, 0B2E6D9E6h
add     eax, 24E35B8Fh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 5DA127E2h
sub     eax, 37A949BBh
xor     eax, 4226D26Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A34A434h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 52C48FC4h
add     eax, 2D4FE7AAh
add     eax, 0BE7A346Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0C695DB13h
add     eax, 3EC0ED2Eh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0F6D1E176h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 6899ACE8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 75E1A4D9h
add     eax, 67A002BFh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5D260561h
sub     eax, 0BAE91228h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E1EA6517h
not     eax
add     eax, 3F3672E0h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3057671Fh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C8E36AEBh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7EA72639h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E5384340h
xor     eax, 360372BBh
sub     eax, 63D537B0h
add     eax, 0B675F793h
not     eax
add     eax, 30D7354Ah
add     eax, 0C4E6C649h
add     eax, 0F4DF54C5h
xor     eax, 0E947DA67h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0ABDE59C6h
add     eax, 0ECE308F8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 97150781h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 41B9FA1Dh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 3FCEB91Ah
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 32EC73B3h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0BE7E5A10h
sub     eax, 9C30F446h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0F6540B3Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 3D144E34h
sub     eax, 8C00BBAEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 38B4B2A6h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0A5B5846Bh
xor     eax, 0D44B5829h
not     eax
add     eax, 97E3595Eh
xor     eax, 0C3D48093h
xor     eax, 7B6D5CE3h
xor     eax, 9E551BC5h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 21E81C51h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 29D2B817h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 60A72E8Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 49B3F73Fh
sub     eax, 0FC1AABD6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0F6AA59E5h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7C685599h
sub     eax, 3FA95428h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0BBCF802Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 11FCE5D7h
xor     eax, 0B3222FC8h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 7F298B9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 89383CF7h
add     eax, 0B03262BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 68E1DB0Ch
sub     eax, 0D70A2F2Fh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B5AF2338h
xor     eax, 3FF84654h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 34958D38h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0AADBDDDAh
add     eax, 0B54117F3h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5ECB74A1h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FB3502D2h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 24403923h
add     eax, 364E52BFh
sub     eax, 0F9F9DF65h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0BAC0F22Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0AF0EBB1Eh
xor     eax, 8BF1C3A5h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8EB9FB8Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C1894737h
sub     eax, 0D5F126AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2401FF40h
add     eax, 0F15C8CD1h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 93C7CB04h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 51A60CEFh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 56D8FB25h
add     eax, 758B83D6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 4F6ADE59h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F8C762C2h
sub     eax, 0C5FA6706h
xor     eax, 0AB437D25h
add     eax, 298D8BB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 8997C2F4h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 76472A36h
not     eax
sub     eax, 89C671B2h
add     eax, 0E090A33Ah
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 1BCA3D06h
xor     eax, 81AE39BDh
sub     eax, 0D0175CBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3754361Dh
xor     eax, 6DA0D73Ch
add     eax, 962C50D9h
xor     eax, 0A1C1339Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 7D802A68h
sub     eax, 6538115Ch
sub     eax, 0CD53C204h
add     eax, 0EF62453Eh
sub     eax, 88BD0ED2h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 99323BAAh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 3AE4920Eh
xor     eax, 0EFD27EE2h
sub     eax, 0A48F0F62h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 4E877AEFh
not     eax
add     eax, 0FDCF5B0Fh
xor     eax, 82FE251Ch
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EC80C2C9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 98BC93E8h
xor     eax, 0C7A131E0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5F9ED8B6h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F7B26230h
sub     eax, 113839CCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 2EA98C70h
xor     eax, 418C25C2h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F87F9962h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 93880ECDh
xor     eax, 583D58B7h
sub     eax, 0EBE8797Dh
add     eax, 925103A6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B8A67C38h
sub     eax, 1BA1772Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CED3D6B8h
sub     eax, 95677DF4h
xor     eax, 0A5C4CD21h
add     eax, 0F144D2E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 966AC8B8h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 3D815A11h
add     eax, 0D56D45A9h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0C2FF2C41h
xor     eax, 9CE151B2h
xor     eax, 0D7141782h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 7872AD2Eh
sub     eax, 0F4E41032h
xor     eax, 0FFF0BF2Ch
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 481E8E72h
sub     eax, 8459290Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 8305C5D7h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 68F5E361h
add     eax, 503D138Ch
add     eax, 1B18421Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D032CD16h
sub     eax, 0B507F26Ch
xor     eax, 39F01132h
add     eax, 0D543A729h
xor     eax, 5A0347C4h
xor     eax, 0DAD2F73Eh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5B6A0AC4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BB1B9782h
add     eax, 6EAC7ED7h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 9A3FB3F5h
xor     eax, 0A2649D22h
xor     eax, 0C2157488h
sub     eax, 0F36EEE1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DFEBB700h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 3DEF7C53h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 75AC8864h
xor     eax, 0A022CF7Ch
sub     eax, 0EF504A66h
xor     eax, 87E4D7E7h
add     eax, 0F59D422Fh
sub     eax, 4B5ABC68h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B2184BE1h
add     eax, 7D26064Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 303EF386h
xor     eax, 5FE2AC07h
xor     eax, 9A4021D7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DA4612A5h
add     eax, 238D99D9h
sub     eax, 0D5B5930Dh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0AC81D821h
add     eax, 0A4B0D2B0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 980561D6h
sub     eax, 0D2E88435h
xor     eax, 0EEF2ECD5h
add     eax, 5A25B921h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4B8F8F6Dh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 1C00D1CDh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 99E6C4DFh
not     eax
add     eax, 71D35AA9h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3E78E961h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 5347DBADh
xor     eax, 9DC09F37h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0AD2CA549h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 2CDEE3F9h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A9B8B2EEh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 44430E14h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 79134B7Dh
add     eax, 0EEA8CC60h
sub     eax, 693AA8FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 9618BF40h
not     eax
xor     eax, 883DBD33h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 5AB6FE6Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 7040794Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0C675DE05h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0F6AB8926h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0F4A227FEh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0BF2C63B4h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0B86627CCh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 8F57FFB9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 466F869Bh
sub     eax, 66378815h
add     eax, 0F5A20A18h
sub     eax, 21983374h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0D6DA296Fh
xor     eax, 81366936h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7CFF4C63h
sub     eax, 5AF6530Dh
add     eax, 14FAFAB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 13C5F54Ch
sub     eax, 0D19BBAE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D9343E2Fh
add     eax, 0D7AA418Ch
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B2E1C721h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0A710AF86h
add     eax, 2D968FE8h
xor     eax, 95B5D16Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 1E1CF2E6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 53711BBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3C429616h
add     eax, 5D1703A5h
sub     eax, 0C9F2621Eh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DD572855h
xor     eax, 25092F77h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A23B0D5Fh
sub     eax, 99D5612Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 1814540Ch
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 4182A1D1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8341B594h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8F1176B3h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0E5FBDDE6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D576692Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 72716965h
xor     eax, 0B7B19189h
sub     eax, 6D748FA6h
xor     eax, 0AE081C36h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A1675A7Ch
xor     eax, 0B422F550h
xor     eax, 11A39276h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 3911C7E6h
sub     eax, 0CDDD50E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EF709BD7h
not     eax
add     eax, 59CADFC8h
add     eax, 0B8A7AB12h
sub     eax, 0A1C7D77Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 7857525Dh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BF359945h
add     eax, 93B70CE5h
sub     eax, 570BDE8Dh
sub     eax, 28984FC2h
add     eax, 22C8CB90h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 1BF9424Bh
add     eax, 4598489Ah
add     eax, 8C965423h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 2FEC8F03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6B4F9621h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6CECC2E8h
sub     eax, 64CEB502h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 14923699h
add     eax, 0F0227AABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1656914Eh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 1CEDB385h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 43F08BF5h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 46860BFAh
add     eax, 678E2585h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CA8E485Eh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0DAB3CF3Eh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0C89EA43Ah
sub     eax, 49762C2Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0E135460Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6121DD68h
add     eax, 7FB5EFECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0DDAE0EFEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D4E03FB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 2ADCC394h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 27F425CAh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0ED44E90Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 5FF4D731h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2E71654Bh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 221671D9h
add     eax, 39755462h
add     eax, 0C1CEE4FCh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6409CB9Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C56F6F46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B0FCF0BAh
not     eax
add     eax, 1E7098CDh
sub     eax, 2EE43ADDh
add     eax, 0DDEB7521h
add     eax, 2DA85E4Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0E6535239h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0AAEA809Fh
xor     eax, 2DB796B1h
add     eax, 6A4DD8D3h
add     eax, 0B1D4730Ah
sub     eax, 0DA4DE781h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7531A116h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0B0B9F39Fh
xor     eax, 93BB1FAEh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 4B4A949Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7C88CC93h
xor     eax, 0A255335Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 90123DC0h
xor     eax, 805D646Ch
sub     eax, 7A099377h
add     eax, 78189821h
sub     eax, 3ED4C255h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F179A152h
xor     eax, 0E611CECAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BEF1457Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 18D42E63h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 55707537h
add     eax, 0AFEBF44Dh
add     eax, 0D425782Fh
xor     eax, 1DB0EB7Ch
xor     eax, 0F827BC0Dh
sub     eax, 0C1B2A827h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 8CA998A8h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 73C7A8FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 7AA042AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DD70372Eh
add     eax, 507E4604h
add     eax, 3E642767h
xor     eax, 1C8372D6h
xor     eax, 0ADC005E9h
sub     eax, 480B8608h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 620DC85Fh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B0802C2Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0A221BBC0h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BCD70CA3h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 63601735h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 4DC5807Bh
sub     eax, 0C6B13040h
sub     eax, 8CC7D0C7h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 389B64A1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F03AF86Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 6E6F8BABh
sub     eax, 0B40329E0h
add     eax, 0E5EBC9AEh
xor     eax, 0D0F16402h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 1E85E765h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 7ABB9EE7h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 58ED97B0h
sub     eax, 0C09ECE5Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7F582230h
add     eax, 0BD6DCB5Bh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 8D315456h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0EC0E49C5h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 22726A6Eh
add     eax, 0C4084F4Bh
add     eax, 27043DBEh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0B80A398Ch
xor     eax, 4F47C67Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F82CD774h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 86D3815Eh
sub     eax, 0F7F52819h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6FCB8688h
not     eax
add     eax, 2E9E65B2h
xor     eax, 55204808h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 22A388BBh
sub     eax, 0F4B57517h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D1194FC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0B010A312h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0CC5BC8A5h
xor     eax, 17655D49h
xor     eax, 0E9C124ACh
add     eax, 0AB84DE22h
add     eax, 9F0092C1h
xor     eax, 0DDA999CAh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0C63A4FCDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 71FCAD48h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CF032A3Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D3993CEBh
add     eax, 0D301B6EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 27B5F1AAh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 2B98CDECh
sub     eax, 0C5083174h
sub     eax, 93586496h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B287F40Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 70045C89h
xor     eax, 4080B0ADh
add     eax, 912C8564h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0E41B5055h
xor     eax, 999E66D1h
add     eax, 0C05CEF3Bh
sub     eax, 26693CE4h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F5E0691Ch
xor     eax, 117506B3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7EF5802Ah
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 25752ED6h
xor     eax, 0CEF2D593h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7B4970Ah
xor     eax, 0D9AD14A6h
add     eax, 28062E4Ah
sub     eax, 0BA6807E0h
sub     eax, 28146953h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2F5E6069h
add     eax, 19CCE866h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0C177B241h
sub     eax, 4B3001C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0CD2990ABh
xor     eax, 79BD662Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0EC97795Ch
sub     eax, 2AAF8DF2h
sub     eax, 0B669106Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7656BDB1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C8AEB10Ch
xor     eax, 0E5DE3EABh
not     eax
xor     eax, 97CB04D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A809F160h
xor     eax, 69DF206Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AFEBA296h
xor     eax, 0E21ABFB4h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 9F6E0A43h
sub     eax, 67ADFC36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AA1F8202h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 78067BECh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 532D7988h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0B3DAFACBh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 8ED94868h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CABDEEF2h
add     eax, 0CA120324h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 87CD3BDAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2CE1106Bh
xor     eax, 0AA5134EAh
sub     eax, 0A714E4A8h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 26E1D4C5h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 9E2BCEB4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0E20C830Fh
sub     eax, 0D3060FF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 879CA389h
xor     eax, 0AC85A2C0h
sub     eax, 90D53491h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 94735944h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 965C6709h
xor     eax, 0A696CBBFh
add     eax, 436C2673h
xor     eax, 874A8CB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 1972E17Eh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 2EBC97C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 19EB426Fh
sub     eax, 8FEB79F4h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 8A4AAB6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0B4F2DEA8h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4AB3A89Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 5DB8A67Bh
xor     eax, 7BEA9C90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1DCD3CD9h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 5CDDFF17h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 4E9041B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AD7F723Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 4F08A6F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1DFAA010h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CB6F5D89h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8DC4CD8Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BAC933ABh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CF9CD8D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 1DF25B63h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 20367137h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0ACFFD95Fh
sub     eax, 0EA276ACDh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 81DA9797h
add     eax, 6B32BEDEh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0AA50905Eh
sub     eax, 9E1F9EACh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DCFD41CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 29F236FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7ED2C356h
add     eax, 0C7C50494h
sub     eax, 72679BDEh
sub     eax, 67918A0Ch
sub     eax, 5240B844h
xor     eax, 6FE2D2FFh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8E27D84Ch
sub     eax, 13548D84h
not     eax
add     eax, 37C4381Ch
add     eax, 0FFBD1E1Eh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0FA148D6Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0EBA4C6A6h
sub     eax, 778AF033h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0B09D55C2h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 19453FD7h
xor     eax, 0CAE875DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D67FD2AAh
xor     eax, 31382B72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0BAAD3C2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 6ECC6DCFh
add     eax, 0E3EE7882h
not     eax
add     eax, 0ADEF17C6h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 274C38E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 195946B6h
add     eax, 71CB1931h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 611C212Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 4004FCC1h
xor     eax, 45D00E51h
add     eax, 709D6ADEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 124E42B0h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E2C6D501h
xor     eax, 5DBB5DE8h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 42A08AB1h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 6276F9DDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0E4E0C69Dh
add     eax, 0F5C03849h
xor     eax, 5BC3904Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0ACC80A7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4D6264E5h
sub     eax, 5EC8B68Ah
xor     eax, 10FA91B5h
sub     eax, 87FDB516h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0CBF7D8C1h
xor     eax, 0F95802F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 815DC709h
sub     eax, 0CC99B36Fh
sub     eax, 0EBE5A36Fh
sub     eax, 0F703C5C7h
xor     eax, 4AF5B693h
sub     eax, 34261F66h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 6D920928h
add     eax, 9EB353F7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 6055CBBDh
sub     eax, 638BF3D7h
xor     eax, 0A8A5C3FEh
add     eax, 0DE46F960h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 4E35636Dh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A1649F9Fh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0D849BD68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F057C962h
sub     eax, 75658E6Dh
xor     eax, 6EAF7A55h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BF44B1E3h
add     eax, 2DD709A4h
sub     eax, 6E541BFEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 186E6090h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 7E457A81h
add     eax, 8F610C6Ah
sub     eax, 544330BBh
xor     eax, 0C522578Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0D3784F4Dh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 89138B60h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0BEFF5979h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D508A317h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6D5A61C0h
sub     eax, 4CDB2490h
sub     eax, 62C72C74h
sub     eax, 0A64ABF79h
sub     eax, 3D52A367h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 29CCAEA6h
add     eax, 9EB6653Fh
add     eax, 0BE23C9E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2293B8F0h
add     eax, 45A660DDh
xor     eax, 0D9F83268h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 65808EE2h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 94BB1706h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BAD1FB52h
sub     eax, 21A3E61Ch
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 7DE6E30Eh
sub     eax, 0A8D1EDBFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E9551A91h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0F1565FAEh
sub     eax, 0FF345F84h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 41BD38AFh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0DA31EC60h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F3844D15h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 44367622h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0C4A3D89Ch
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 4F397CABh
sub     eax, 0A35CDCECh
add     eax, 105BBFE1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 79DE7960h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0CFF7F024h
add     eax, 0BD694EDFh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0C7E4BA79h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 20D555A7h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AD2C4CE9h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D7CA9AB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F7D166B2h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0EF850D5Ch
add     eax, 0DB5145F6h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ACB11BBBh
sub     eax, 0B6BC47C3h
not     eax
add     eax, 240123C4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DC3D552Eh
xor     eax, 767A33C0h
sub     eax, 869B7F3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 536DBFF3h
xor     eax, 0D6DC6B1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 61873A4Ch
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B513151Ch
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4AA158FAh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0F85AA349h
xor     eax, 0F13D83D0h
xor     eax, 0F0523B72h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9692455Bh
xor     eax, 2C6DED57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F789422Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B1FA0E6Fh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 91F0EE24h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0B0883EAAh
sub     eax, 276159A7h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3AE2FC94h
sub     eax, 5D94ADADh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0A6F89D68h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0B450C1F0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0B63461E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DCE4D0BFh
not     eax
add     eax, 486AA1DFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 147CA787h
add     eax, 91254A2Ch
xor     eax, 7CE88CABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E97EE5E7h
xor     eax, 9CC2A9A6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0D97ED394h
xor     eax, 4B65CE89h
add     eax, 4CA97B80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9D17B5CEh
sub     eax, 606AFE8Ch
add     eax, 0BD2896ADh
xor     eax, 802A7D77h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 11B6C98Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4458369Dh
xor     eax, 0A977F290h
xor     eax, 7F923DBEh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 813B6C67h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 98B05FDEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 355E76DBh
sub     eax, 0EF28016Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C21890E7h
add     eax, 0C125D42Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 3141B5DBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 485C198Ch
add     eax, 9E5DC7CDh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 71C159B9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EAF02C96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 182E9761h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7EEACC1Bh
add     eax, 9F97193Dh
add     eax, 0F2CFFD76h
add     eax, 59A16A41h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 71BDE116h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 252C3DEDh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 2462F87Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 3D36679Ah
add     eax, 8C351251h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 7772BEAAh
add     eax, 6BE4A5F9h
add     eax, 0B3B570B6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F5BAB8A3h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 19B173A6h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 66CD62B6h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0EE5CA9F7h
sub     eax, 0B3817792h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 871F7EC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F09B2A0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7247F835h
sub     eax, 8ED34AAFh
xor     eax, 0E7171206h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 6DECA742h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 31FA6112h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 61C7E6D3h
add     eax, 0A9D9F92Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 19C19CBDh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0CCA1D3F1h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 863CB586h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0CB1A01AEh
sub     eax, 0BBD595FDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C295E5AAh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 47914F16h
sub     eax, 197D9E86h
add     eax, 5AC78BACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 52C30445h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7441707Fh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0E73F9105h
add     eax, 4B629FE6h
sub     eax, 3068F850h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4BF85815h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0EB6006B7h
add     eax, 0BA9C2951h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E3E1B128h
add     eax, 0A1081865h
sub     eax, 97E8B96Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BB00797Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E64605C9h
xor     eax, 0F8ABBDD5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D65C9179h
xor     eax, 9EF73D93h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0ED3CA57Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2F17BB0Fh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 53A3EB0Fh
xor     eax, 913B2A93h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 3607D2DDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 17A1D10Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 4BBA680Ah
sub     eax, 0B32624FEh
sub     eax, 0C88A05D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 37280FA0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0CC58C571h
xor     eax, 88D38C70h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0EE4D3868h
xor     eax, 1DA1BAF0h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8611D7D4h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 53E4DDC3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 239A06BDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8A7D0DF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 33DE6C19h
sub     eax, 0DE3310DDh
add     eax, 0A5799D48h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B9A7C96Ah
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9A727E1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FDF6E147h
xor     eax, 11D693B3h
add     eax, 29902A37h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 1293FACEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0D248BB90h
sub     eax, 3F28736Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E0B01E70h
xor     eax, 0AD1BBDD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B991262Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 995521CDh
xor     eax, 2A03AD8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 58C02605h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 59D970B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0B14D1B0Eh
sub     eax, 919C8578h
xor     eax, 586624ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F32C1406h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C4D3B260h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0C827CACCh
add     eax, 4E75623Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0AC8560BBh
xor     eax, 3D4D66CBh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D3C79D8Ch
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0AF3A050Eh
sub     eax, 6E0D98C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4136013Dh
sub     eax, 59304BBCh
add     eax, 207548ACh
add     eax, 0B7A3AD7Bh
xor     eax, 66AF1264h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 763C2201h
xor     eax, 0D5EFEEF7h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F37631B1h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C32E69BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B9585820h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0CE4EC47Eh
xor     eax, 702D6306h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 4C2CE9F4h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 538E6A79h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 76A1726Bh
xor     eax, 0FE45875Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 12F3945Eh
sub     eax, 3B794CD4h
add     eax, 0A14A657Ch
sub     eax, 9F9E2823h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9B8E2DECh
add     eax, 0E44545B1h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0B9652C13h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0D8CED518h
xor     eax, 0E4B66EA3h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0A34CC013h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 89322873h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 948C4D9Eh
sub     eax, 0C279A18Bh
xor     eax, 0F7BE304Eh
sub     eax, 43FD9B22h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9A9ECEB0h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 16FF7C0Dh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 71031DC7h
sub     eax, 0C62C5D06h
xor     eax, 50856349h
add     eax, 5974AA8Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B0446A50h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 7D2E8532h
xor     eax, 23F2A870h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0CC84F9CAh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 21D70B07h
xor     eax, 242CF896h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 5F74D476h
sub     eax, 3E5B980Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EA9E8843h
sub     eax, 4B033577h
sub     eax, 0F4DF8BA0h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 230ABAA2h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0FAC1CBDEh
add     eax, 0A6D21E64h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B0DCEC19h
xor     eax, 0DBE011BCh
xor     eax, 8A6BCC00h
xor     eax, 0C165D274h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0FF9527E0h
sub     eax, 0FDAEC01Dh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 9CF7B709h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 13793AFFh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EFD15326h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0D5523948h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 4B9E756Dh
sub     eax, 5F59BB3Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0DC657DD2h
add     eax, 0CB4142D1h
add     eax, 4DA5EBB9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 73E84A0Ch
add     eax, 0A32158B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 86F0A15Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 48D0FFC8h
sub     eax, 260BAC05h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8795F416h
sub     eax, 0B63C0EF3h
xor     eax, 4763B0DAh
xor     eax, 51877FCCh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0F14429FFh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5E159141h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EFE739CDh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0CBA9F617h
sub     eax, 8782110Ah
sub     eax, 0B1FCB394h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F556105Ah
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0C3ACD933h
sub     eax, 82940085h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0B0F53DC3h
add     eax, 0B6267FCCh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0CA5AD584h
add     eax, 9C1E0276h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0FC427761h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 2C44AC2Fh
xor     eax, 327B0067h
add     eax, 0EB531EE3h
sub     eax, 9F9BB3BFh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 119CA496h
sub     eax, 0A5B9908Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 85915DA2h
xor     eax, 0B8996B63h
sub     eax, 8E84DFA0h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DA4BD6C5h
add     eax, 0B67D3F3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 1C6A4AE2h
sub     eax, 0E0077DA3h
add     eax, 41846B14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 942408BEh
xor     eax, 1DDA59C0h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0F73DEC7Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DE059D29h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 7887F2DFh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 7CE91862h
add     eax, 5381E972h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 3C82E2D8h
sub     eax, 145D0195h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8FCA84F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 7E61F0EBh
xor     eax, 18977C74h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 34A63B06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 1D36EB05h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B18C77B9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 99CC1E12h
sub     eax, 4DDE5AFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 5A2EA8BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D41CFB85h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 5CF88FE7h
add     eax, 0F07434C6h
add     eax, 3A6A3357h
add     eax, 0E6ED7B26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 188FA6E1h
xor     eax, 3956141Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0D4707171h
sub     eax, 0F56B8EE5h
xor     eax, 0E5CF102Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8C2F2F85h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 902DE0AAh
add     eax, 74467EA9h
sub     eax, 832B69B3h
sub     eax, 5C97DF08h
add     eax, 0F49F4888h
sub     eax, 229BD43Fh
sub     eax, 25DB7CC1h
sub     eax, 957A3B94h
add     eax, 7EA74E85h
sub     eax, 5CD06786h
xor     eax, 71197CABh
sub     eax, 0A8D1B87Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6AD1E2C1h
xor     eax, 306188B8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0C62F9E93h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 304D9D73h
add     eax, 6199206Fh
sub     eax, 0ED2E2A44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3A9EF700h
sub     eax, 0FB20BE80h
add     eax, 0F67F5F34h
add     eax, 52037593h
not     eax
sub     eax, 31E2C928h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 8A3829DBh
add     eax, 0CFA8CBF8h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0E142458Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A15C21D6h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 96CEE806h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0A6B7886Fh
add     eax, 90713C6Eh
xor     eax, 2572BA6Bh
sub     eax, 0C202A4E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 52F6C4FAh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0A389807Fh
xor     eax, 9644920Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 39CA73BAh
not     eax
add     eax, 961B8240h
xor     eax, 0FE363B9Eh
add     eax, 81F4F732h
add     eax, 7127966Fh
xor     eax, 6128A11Fh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 1E378138h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 11CA3F54h
xor     eax, 25C55754h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E3D5BBFAh
add     eax, 0ECF4C8A9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3291B117h
add     eax, 44B948D2h
add     eax, 0ADF20EF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D32DB5E1h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F0676BF6h
add     eax, 9BBEC785h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0D7B767C0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 23CE429Eh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0B92CFBF4h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 3E08E411h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0E7BFEAA0h
add     eax, 3022D6F9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E85DEACFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 779A97E5h
add     eax, 0C9D46B03h
add     eax, 3FC746E2h
xor     eax, 4F993016h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0FC8EDEE3h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0D09AA0EBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 579375CEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 607ADEFAh
sub     eax, 63F0A065h
sub     eax, 0C8CD6391h
add     eax, 0BA66882Eh
add     eax, 0EC2ED2A9h
add     eax, 0BBD53F76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AA64E859h
xor     eax, 43734FC9h
sub     eax, 0DAC567DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B07688D0h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D3209C74h
xor     eax, 5ABAA251h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 2296A4D5h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C0CA51EDh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0A89E5F68h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 81601379h
not     eax
sub     eax, 27D67139h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 23F76A14h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 996F79F1h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 56F8A92Ch
add     eax, 0A89E755Fh
add     eax, 0D252D5FFh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 64D71AC9h
add     eax, 385A2543h
sub     eax, 3A5E4DC3h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 27626022h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 82B0EDBBh
add     eax, 9DE9D4D0h
sub     eax, 44936684h
sub     eax, 0CA1639A1h
add     eax, 7534C4B9h
sub     eax, 0EB4B46B1h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A9B4B2D5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 440BCAFAh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0AB764775h
add     eax, 7DFDB13Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8E7C5593h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 83337DD3h
sub     eax, 547263A3h
xor     eax, 0F8927BA1h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 2C0CDDBEh
add     eax, 0EDA7DFADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B200FD1Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 473793CEh
add     eax, 0C1B2F2F4h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 23EAD765h
not     eax
sub     eax, 26CB227Ah
sub     eax, 81F9709Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 21DB74ADh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B85BE6EBh
sub     eax, 39E92DCEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 78923634h
sub     eax, 0B1985134h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DE34B06Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ABBE6DECh
xor     eax, 3A7E1D1Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 4C169F8Fh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0E2C57B61h
add     eax, 96D0996Dh
sub     eax, 36FB6931h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A3D8D6BBh
xor     eax, 17E91519h
sub     eax, 749261ECh
add     eax, 99295050h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 827EB40Dh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DF5AD751h
sub     eax, 5EB9C4D5h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 7BB4AE9Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0A61760A9h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 2D9CD1E7h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 4223D612h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 44A8609Dh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 14448A9Bh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 60D2FB08h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7C685C1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0E8538D64h
sub     eax, 867F31B2h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 33BFE6F2h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0CD22B0FBh
xor     eax, 0E73AE410h
xor     eax, 1841D578h
not     eax
add     eax, 6B310B7Eh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0DB93858Bh
add     eax, 7B31D270h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0FA422797h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0DDD8A5A1h
add     eax, 6D9BDBC4h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E26497E4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 31BDB118h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 38598B39h
xor     eax, 0E8DE8560h
xor     eax, 320F9761h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0ED9119D0h
xor     eax, 0BFE14113h
sub     eax, 0BBC546E6h
add     eax, 90F5DB71h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0EDC53041h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0BD918DB2h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FDFF3322h
add     eax, 6DB8DCA3h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 900188EDh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0F7F72D31h
add     eax, 0C8DE951Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 92E0D5B7h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 76DE28D2h
sub     eax, 344F9D02h
xor     eax, 0FC511D78h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D40EBC95h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 307C886Ah
xor     eax, 565151A5h
not     eax
add     eax, 84D9300Dh
xor     eax, 0E73E5C69h
xor     eax, 79B5D2CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 3488EEF9h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 61351487h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 90E0EB26h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0FFDADB8Ch
xor     eax, 0E8A5FCC5h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 8DA2CCCCh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 1AC61BB7h
xor     eax, 3C48D973h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 29B42C77h
sub     eax, 0AF1549A9h
xor     eax, 5DB7C61Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 2C2D40E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D7F97AC9h
sub     eax, 9DA307ADh
xor     eax, 9C8F7049h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0CA0D447Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 5A6C1F79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4244D4E9h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 9DDC6441h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D332189Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 42BD8B82h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0AC7C8407h
add     eax, 2D247AA8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 483349EEh
sub     eax, 0F9E42D23h
sub     eax, 9D7E9EE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 51FE20A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 894A235Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 17965622h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9E6FCBD5h
add     eax, 23D37206h
add     eax, 0BAED959Dh
sub     eax, 0BEE9806Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C51A4391h
sub     eax, 24909307h
xor     eax, 6AF9528Bh
add     eax, 1AAFF427h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BB18FFDBh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 6191E5CEh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0CB8CEA14h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3AF99914h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0DC22E0D7h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 86BDD938h
not     eax
add     eax, 93B052A9h
xor     eax, 0FA562C2Ah
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0E0DA4DFCh
sub     eax, 4885DA3Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 119BE81Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 20FE74B3h
sub     eax, 875D76A5h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 33336304h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E97A3A17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 52A9552Eh
sub     eax, 516C7758h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0A7035084h
sub     eax, 0F90CD714h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0E6479A81h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AFC95A49h
sub     eax, 73CE159Ah
xor     eax, 20C3E100h
add     eax, 7D2AC3F7h
xor     eax, 641C3CB0h
xor     eax, 0A152903Ah
xor     eax, 23ADE19Ah
sub     eax, 9F1A5E27h
sub     eax, 0B6A649ACh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DEB861A6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 529D2049h
xor     eax, 87BFE09Bh
add     eax, 78CBFC92h
add     eax, 0D6C15AB1h
sub     eax, 0AC2196F4h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 1269B4F2h
add     eax, 0ED1B20FBh
add     eax, 426C8746h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 7956BF90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9AB7FDE2h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 6321C58Fh
xor     eax, 547E110Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CD9AFC35h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F3E6D7E0h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0B37B69FDh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0AE5046AFh
add     eax, 30D85214h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0AFD62A31h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 781E7EBBh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 353631F0h
add     eax, 85F0D828h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0C6F61E53h
xor     eax, 93AD1B56h
xor     eax, 0B14C3246h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 9C75E12Dh
sub     eax, 0A89BB24Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C1D2CC68h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 7DAEB3C7h
xor     eax, 8F20EA68h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E3E032D9h
xor     eax, 0C5E3CF70h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 5C8081CCh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AB7F9B6Bh
sub     eax, 94FF3D62h
sub     eax, 0D6C4EA6Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EF7A7F3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4598D7F4h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 73F2870Ch
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F047BBBCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8E19A0C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 8CF12E42h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9DBE4269h
add     eax, 47EE54B3h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 76F3CC3Fh
sub     eax, 8BA4FBC9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 68D8C395h
sub     eax, 41FAD901h
add     eax, 0F8CF31F0h
add     eax, 0C20E36EFh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A54022D5h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AD0035F8h
sub     eax, 42D51D6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 38B98E28h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 1750067Dh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 5DAFE577h
sub     eax, 243DBC02h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E462EC68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B9C241A7h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0D0C1DD5Fh
sub     eax, 0D6845A07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 0F22B5AF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1B26A7D4h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4768495Dh
sub     eax, 49B03757h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0CBCBA5F3h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AF2E7392h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 83D62803h
add     eax, 0FE9AEE09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DDD53040h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0B1B4C1C5h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 99E2244Ch
add     eax, 81F79BE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D400FDF9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ABA9877Bh
add     eax, 0D4DFCB70h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 51F76AEAh
xor     eax, 6EA46CF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 47779212h
add     eax, 0B8160ADDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0F9561103h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CE3B7E76h
add     eax, 9212E501h
add     eax, 1C9BDC18h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 90AEEC31h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 0C25A5AFAh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 83EB9756h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C72A9125h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0F607D045h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0C277C3C1h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A9DF6091h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 162C3485h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 3712DC16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 82B7BEC9h
xor     eax, 0C3DB579Dh
add     eax, 31A65785h
sub     eax, 6964C54Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6A3E892Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6DC787EAh
sub     eax, 3EF4D0CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5883EEFFh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 4EBBB6D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3CB29618h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 41EFCC0Ch
xor     eax, 3EBD9E16h
add     eax, 0B9504805h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 5EBB02AEh
add     eax, 0BC6A870Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 819578DAh
not     eax
add     eax, 4D7D543Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AEF4C17Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 989EC683h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 3F4C0772h
add     eax, 4B37A138h
sub     eax, 1E546946h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 65C1C5C9h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 43A28CF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8E32EF4Ch
xor     eax, 0BECC7052h
sub     eax, 0F802F5F3h
sub     eax, 0E8E89DDDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6026F94Eh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 21E08A06h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 2684B3D4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 1138C9C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B976917Dh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0E015EAD8h
sub     eax, 14B06174h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1DA57D63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 41281E3Dh
sub     eax, 9743684Ch
add     eax, 0D6228FCDh
xor     eax, 0D61DFF92h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E8DFD4Bh
sub     eax, 17CD8347h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 672D77ADh
not     eax
add     eax, 91783BC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 7259FD16h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0F963569Ah
add     eax, 0E3718FA5h
sub     eax, 5DFF48FDh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0FA120F87h
add     eax, 380BF256h
add     eax, 98947576h
sub     eax, 0FB97730Ch
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B3D6A67Ah
add     eax, 80C42EFBh
add     eax, 79E76EF9h
xor     eax, 53D3BC99h
add     eax, 0D3069DEEh
add     eax, 0BB167A19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5C799AA7h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 51EA5D2Eh
sub     eax, 8F7815C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9021C887h
add     eax, 3197C6CDh
sub     eax, 481B3687h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 35D7D7D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 96EB1EE3h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E7FF5373h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 85C15E4Ah
sub     eax, 0BB48C962h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0DB586AFDh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 59AF7232h
add     eax, 0EE619F66h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0F4CACE58h
sub     eax, 79241F88h
sub     eax, 67FBF208h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3EC40A4Bh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 58FBF106h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 4A1659AEh
not     eax
add     eax, 2B7657A0h
xor     eax, 0C1310878h
add     eax, 0CCBD515Ch
sub     eax, 0C6561A49h
add     eax, 9C7FE37Ah
add     eax, 0FAB03A39h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 35BBBCA8h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0F0B2691Ah
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0FAFB2333h
sub     eax, 55C4DB19h
sub     eax, 24DC85A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DB1977D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E780466Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0CFFCBF93h
xor     eax, 9F120ADCh
add     eax, 4473C940h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0DE56C79Bh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 671B22B3h
xor     eax, 6A4B6CC6h
sub     eax, 7C6D1679h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1F527A1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 2545310Bh
sub     eax, 103400A1h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 888B6253h
xor     eax, 9644A5DAh
sub     eax, 0C185BEA0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 1F24415Fh
xor     eax, 0D567CE54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0A980E8E8h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3F834258h
add     eax, 57919BFEh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 48ADDA7Ah
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F43E2240h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0DA2665C6h
xor     eax, 66F10089h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0F5F500A8h
sub     eax, 8E09D873h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0ECF251ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0FB8A70FAh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 24CFE4DFh
sub     eax, 45C19580h
xor     eax, 9A247846h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 95BE8E54h
xor     eax, 0D3EE4CC1h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0E1E766EBh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 6685C4B7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E2ABFC4h
add     eax, 0D8833EC3h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0D1D281F5h
sub     eax, 0C89E35B6h
xor     eax, 3EB49855h
add     eax, 7DBBDB30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C934CADEh
xor     eax, 0F855E031h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0D2325169h
add     eax, 115EDDD4h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0FFE671BBh
add     eax, 2AB7E883h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 7791092Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0D5EBE16Bh
sub     eax, 0BC41D3DFh
xor     eax, 5A371380h
xor     eax, 6B2860A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 2ED9D654h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0D82FD55Fh
add     eax, 4A2BE9C3h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 70560744h
sub     eax, 3CB26406h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 667E638Dh
add     eax, 0A5CEE762h
add     eax, 0EF54E60Fh
xor     eax, 0A5A955E7h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D459BA6Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D1183F6Fh
xor     eax, 0D078E25Dh
add     eax, 5C3B9468h
xor     eax, 0A6D68DC9h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 36ECE0C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C785FA30h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0CD878A4Ch
sub     eax, 3B8EE1F4h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 70DD8319h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0D56E2F66h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 1096D345h
add     eax, 6E21D7A1h
sub     eax, 6489D193h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0DEFFAC56h
xor     eax, 6732BBA4h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 150DFB17h
sub     eax, 54C60D51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0D54B3C6Dh
sub     eax, 8257FF2Eh
add     eax, 0E032ACD6h
sub     eax, 561A43F5h
add     eax, 1AE43690h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0B77D139Ah
sub     eax, 0F1148499h
xor     eax, 10DCA575h
sub     eax, 2A2A9F29h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 3CA5AC4Ch
sub     eax, 93341F4Dh
xor     eax, 28064FF4h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3399910Bh
sub     eax, 0AB518FF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 92DE833Dh
add     eax, 52F71536h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 2C93DDEBh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 12743FAFh
sub     eax, 5D453DABh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2C42E91Ch
sub     eax, 7E4C8794h
add     eax, 0B5E7EC9Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0BA87CC6Dh
add     eax, 1EF70F4Ah
xor     eax, 7B6B930Dh
add     eax, 4B3BD103h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0C88313D1h
xor     eax, 2B4FF994h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0BB72A0ACh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 42B6C250h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E87106C2h
add     eax, 0BD179D15h
not     eax
add     eax, 6DC1E3E7h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 2777A01Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 28B24B6Ch
xor     eax, 476CF6A0h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EE44D564h
sub     eax, 0D8D5208Fh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0CDCAE40Eh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0E0A4CA29h
sub     eax, 8776AF70h
add     eax, 74FA3CE3h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 790B4285h
xor     eax, 6B1D4B89h
sub     eax, 12F1B5A0h
not     eax
add     eax, 8912E2C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2FB657D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 155DCECEh
sub     eax, 4B404B6Ah
sub     eax, 6CA5EDC1h
add     eax, 0C429FF70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0BD2F257Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 58E84C9Bh
sub     eax, 5C42DBC9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 76F06D0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E35721D2h
add     eax, 0BFA581F9h
sub     eax, 8E7BE78Ch
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 81BF4F29h
add     eax, 3AE3E1F7h
sub     eax, 0F3455CB5h
add     eax, 401B3134h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B75354FBh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 38E1B2C1h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0A80B77FBh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 784C1A44h
xor     eax, 0F6F3FCC0h
sub     eax, 1985FE54h
sub     eax, 0E9863161h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 68624ADFh
xor     eax, 0BEA13351h
add     eax, 0CE1D2BB3h
sub     eax, 613687C9h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C965CA97h
xor     eax, 43E3AA2Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 65A02C70h
xor     eax, 0BDF926B0h
xor     eax, 42AE863Ch
add     eax, 0A690672Bh
sub     eax, 53910047h
sub     eax, 947FAFF3h
add     eax, 8E31E03Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F30989EDh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0D310502Eh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0EE04B9B0h
xor     eax, 31658A31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FF4580D5h
xor     eax, 91D03F8Bh
xor     eax, 5D343861h
sub     eax, 0C2A8FD0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A212B60Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 45999CAEh
xor     eax, 4844E554h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 1A266424h
sub     eax, 624537EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 713D689Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A23EAF81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 364C9C58h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 971D0EC5h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 5EE4CD75h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 77AC52A0h
sub     eax, 0D8C42A2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1CE95B2Bh
add     eax, 0BE130497h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1A653F5Dh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0AE9144D1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 922B407Bh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0E81D2BBFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DF4EA613h
xor     eax, 0F2C03284h
not     eax
add     eax, 60E319EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DD4E76C6h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C7C555E5h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 74DE36D2h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0D3DB8FE0h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7FD79705h
sub     eax, 47917319h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 3E257893h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0C7DBCA55h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 3190EC28h
add     eax, 40DC9D1Ah
sub     eax, 92BD6FE3h
add     eax, 857D6829h
sub     eax, 0BF86C1EFh
xor     eax, 255D9463h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 911AA44Eh
add     eax, 0CF4DFE70h
xor     eax, 252041F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0CF560442h
xor     eax, 0B260EB5Fh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0B7789483h
sub     eax, 1324BE80h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 2FAE61EEh
xor     eax, 4FD62547h
add     eax, 0C85BE300h
sub     eax, 28190413h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B1D26DE5h
sub     eax, 902B82A8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CAE930FAh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 2160AA54h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D71E2B21h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 77764FACh
xor     eax, 96F81E12h
sub     eax, 6804228Ah
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 3D359158h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0AF73C7C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7AFA27AAh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 17BEAC5Bh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 1FE82F00h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 5A29E4AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9DB6A1BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 1D1F349Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2DD2E0F1h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0DE2FDD86h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0E62525FFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 3D881B03h
not     eax
add     eax, 9A041020h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0DC80DB4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 7747A8C9h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EB5C9003h
sub     eax, 68A50FB7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0DB2FDE63h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 34C50368h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E63167B8h
add     eax, 80C50F0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D12565EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 216E8717h
sub     eax, 9FB3F399h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 78971217h
add     eax, 874FBB8Ch
add     eax, 0E985E3BBh
sub     eax, 1F370D31h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0EB09AC2Bh
add     eax, 65E1A71Eh
xor     eax, 1E713880h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5BB32F23h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C98DB6B6h
xor     eax, 8B658A48h
sub     eax, 0DA784B88h
xor     eax, 0CE54ACA6h
add     eax, 605C9537h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7C465BF7h
sub     eax, 23A3AC35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 22A8E5EEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0BD9E8A34h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0D8E5E8E4h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 4FCFA065h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0A4E90095h
sub     eax, 0D29123A0h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0E97F4B25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B554502Dh
xor     eax, 329698A5h
add     eax, 0DADA71EDh
add     eax, 16AF2214h
sub     eax, 59107819h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0DC991B2Fh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8DA00484h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7436226Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 42FE8A32h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5EBC8F9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E903B8EBh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 6151759Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A9F8DDB8h
sub     eax, 0F3D7579Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 98EF799Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 26216458h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 743A9269h
sub     eax, 0BDA0C500h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5929B0C6h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 724FAF00h
sub     eax, 0B5ABF342h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 54F427BFh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0A2627709h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0FABCF385h
add     eax, 6E696132h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EEB1B009h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C3575AE7h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A5474188h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 36895CAEh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 3DADCA84h
sub     eax, 6580E0C6h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 9E90F7A3h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0D1376E9Ch
sub     eax, 0CE226364h
add     eax, 241AD04Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0CED1DB8Eh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 8FA52816h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B9F440A2h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 2C309D45h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 45C63EF3h
xor     eax, 0AAB318C0h
sub     eax, 0EA3A80FDh
add     eax, 7273BABBh
add     eax, 484129EDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0F12405D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FC466600h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BDB56EF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5F43F697h
xor     eax, 6C6E6911h
add     eax, 0BE32EAF8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E4BEF6D5h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 69A3D717h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0BA37EB04h
add     eax, 69546794h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 323DBF96h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 387EFF05h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 6151EBE6h
add     eax, 5394A0D8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F0EACB35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C174D832h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8FCA9987h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 2A8EF16Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 771030EEh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 2F500233h
xor     eax, 16667290h
xor     eax, 88E2FC55h
xor     eax, 0C05024CFh
sub     eax, 5A8C1148h
xor     eax, 80C4346Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 9E08F1E0h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 3FF29F76h
sub     eax, 53EA9C69h
xor     eax, 698519CEh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 265D82C6h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0C1A2849Ah
xor     eax, 6A895F6Fh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 50F58C39h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 6ADCB279h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0C7D5FEF7h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0F0211E19h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0DC53F44Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0F337473Fh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5896105Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C12FA0DBh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 1D867291h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7B603581h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 5895E1B4h
xor     eax, 55D6BE15h
xor     eax, 0B25ABE5Ah
xor     eax, 1C9532DEh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 8174BB29h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D85AF6D2h
xor     eax, 72DBDFACh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0CB12DF9Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 8F494E3Eh
add     eax, 0BB35D34Bh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 509CA764h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 66BBE521h
sub     eax, 0DCDC9F13h
sub     eax, 4679CEBFh
add     eax, 8C9D5E18h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 37E18DACh
xor     eax, 0E80CA5FBh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CC541BB3h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0EFD82945h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 34472950h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E79851FDh
sub     eax, 8D0B4DE9h
xor     eax, 9216F6C6h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 1E1F4E21h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0BD193956h
sub     eax, 3D784785h
xor     eax, 2A4B024Fh
add     eax, 0A643A2F6h
sub     eax, 6503DD1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 5FACFC32h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D497E63Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0A8AA8ED5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5906CA64h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2B150413h
sub     eax, 17BCDB54h
xor     eax, 0DD8FCF69h
xor     eax, 0C80BD931h
add     eax, 0C81A2EC9h
add     eax, 47F3FC8Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3B9C5B4Ch
add     eax, 2A99E164h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 39154F11h
add     eax, 813AE700h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0B199FE85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5B29DFD4h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BBFCBA34h
sub     eax, 886A0685h
xor     eax, 0DA6D3507h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 9B7A3F30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 6EE62673h
add     eax, 389E2F9Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 69C6C0E0h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 1F9F2FF7h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BA89B4FAh
add     eax, 3677DAF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 6809EC36h
sub     eax, 5189E4C3h
sub     eax, 91BC4FBDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EBCB65B3h
xor     eax, 5111B688h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0D783EB11h
add     eax, 274408C6h
xor     eax, 3612B9DFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F87D6AEBh
xor     eax, 70AD3B7Fh
add     eax, 7FFF2F91h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0EE9DD27Eh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0FE8ACEDCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CE1935AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C0F7DEC1h
add     eax, 16653EADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5CD8D885h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C04D8BFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 97A5E17Ch
xor     eax, 0D2654A0Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D7B119E8h
sub     eax, 0D3268346h
add     eax, 1FF7756Fh
xor     eax, 551BC910h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 8994BC7Ah
sub     eax, 37D1B14Fh
xor     eax, 3085AFCDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 6B0A60E8h
xor     eax, 9CE14885h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0EE415A99h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E972ABD7h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C327FFF5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B2741B72h
add     eax, 0EEE9BD95h
xor     eax, 5246E191h
add     eax, 9A726C95h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 2FC16C65h
sub     eax, 50080916h
add     eax, 9281ABCDh
sub     eax, 0F88B8BF7h
sub     eax, 9E31A0EDh
xor     eax, 90296D67h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0CC126BD7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C1F22324h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 5454939Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 12DEAD92h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0BD19CE16h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D5BE0ED7h
not     eax
add     eax, 78D73372h
xor     eax, 0E4E7A208h
xor     eax, 11B0DF87h
sub     eax, 0C937CF27h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C7AEF5D1h
sub     eax, 2A47C456h
sub     eax, 16C45E8Dh
sub     eax, 0CA2C33C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 93265576h
not     eax
sub     eax, 40D8C27Fh
xor     eax, 0ECFE5821h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 11D08614h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D0E7DD29h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0AADCDD6Fh
sub     eax, 8B4BBCDBh
sub     eax, 6A912486h
add     eax, 8D4E905Dh
xor     eax, 0F8615C31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 45568A94h
sub     eax, 6A34127Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0E37F1D3Ch
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 362A6559h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C092CDDBh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F568C1C5h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1C3B57DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 89AACB84h
add     eax, 574AA993h
add     eax, 79414B94h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 197F0F4Eh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 38F6BDB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 429C0DA5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 379FE558h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 9AEB0D81h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 599BC25Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 335D8E52h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 7CB260DBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0E1CB4BD7h
xor     eax, 0EF51E395h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 8E5095C3h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 91222FA8h
xor     eax, 563826A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B649BA04h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 4668A38Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B9EC5470h
xor     eax, 0F2180CA4h
add     eax, 0A602CDE6h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4ED8D192h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 738B3644h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0C3BAACEAh
add     eax, 69219310h
sub     eax, 0AD440AAEh
xor     eax, 0A4F01BF4h
add     eax, 0B29EDC53h
add     eax, 93670532h
xor     eax, 0DDB08B40h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0DD7E5267h
add     eax, 0CCCCA4F3h
sub     eax, 63E01258h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 54253EA4h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 41413838h
add     eax, 6FA994DAh
sub     eax, 48660698h
sub     eax, 41DF3AAEh
xor     eax, 10833B93h
sub     eax, 57196012h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0CC75F300h
add     eax, 9E738FC3h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0BBC8D2CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4F43C304h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 378C7E32h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 6DFD4D0Eh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 837B5A65h
add     eax, 7FC48615h
add     eax, 65792DD0h
sub     eax, 24AF118Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6A9F2041h
not     eax
sub     eax, 29253D6Eh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0AE8A4BF4h
add     eax, 8B1070AEh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0B5CCAD1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1CCF2F35h
add     eax, 0A74BC2CDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0A933A36Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 7FB69952h
xor     eax, 2F1D439Ch
add     eax, 14F9D0BCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 327E2059h
sub     eax, 0BAC983E8h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E74B2AFFh
add     eax, 41F6C76Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2E835EBEh
add     eax, 6EEDC89Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 1E0FD9BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 49C5B77Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3470B6DAh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 590C6F73h
xor     eax, 2C97C8CEh
add     eax, 2980CE5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 781CF0A6h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0BFFA7FF9h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 953DB27Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 6E5FDB2Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 5E5E657Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 6B430DD7h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 783B76FBh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 516DACD9h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 7EBB28F9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 911E440Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F593463Ah
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 86264D03h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0DAE9CC27h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C9D514A1h
xor     eax, 0F0076829h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B798049Dh
sub     eax, 12533290h
xor     eax, 84EF97E7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 612F34C1h
add     eax, 0D94E5F10h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 42E24341h
add     eax, 0EA377B84h
xor     eax, 0F5555B8Fh
add     eax, 538460D5h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0CEF51FE2h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 8F0E17B0h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 388BBED4h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B3202907h
add     eax, 6D0D7E2Ah
xor     eax, 4853BF86h
xor     eax, 8A4D8751h
add     eax, 11A997FCh
sub     eax, 2F7AC75Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 752390EFh
xor     eax, 0FD264616h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 15E2711Fh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 2E75D7A1h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D537B92h
sub     eax, 0D1D82AE9h
xor     eax, 0A8DCB918h
xor     eax, 35358F9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 27C30497h
add     eax, 52ABD983h
xor     eax, 0C61323FFh
add     eax, 56171756h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 61B6B432h
xor     eax, 7361654Ah
add     eax, 0D8DE9E9Fh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 86D0B80Eh
add     eax, 0BCD274D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 900492E0h
add     eax, 0A84CBE8Ah
xor     eax, 5FECD4E2h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0ADAA6CA1h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0CF154222h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0BEB0E5EAh
xor     eax, 8E0E3069h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C9A8A64Bh
xor     eax, 488A2FDCh
sub     eax, 98AA36AEh
sub     eax, 2919792Eh
add     eax, 0C5BD881Ah
sub     eax, 0FE4320F0h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 789BB4CAh
sub     eax, 0EB7AA4FDh
xor     eax, 0A70B6294h
add     eax, 40B6149Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8BE49949h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0D20BE83Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9E62DD18h
xor     eax, 0F6D962C4h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 26712DFBh
sub     eax, 90B00FE9h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 6CB76A20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 43571A8Fh
add     eax, 0D80FD2C0h
sub     eax, 225FE25Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 233F9067h
xor     eax, 0BCA16C24h
xor     eax, 6B9BF38Fh
xor     eax, 0AAD5F021h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 10BB19AEh
sub     eax, 67FE6675h
sub     eax, 5773FEB0h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0F14D8A5Ah
xor     eax, 0FCC352A5h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 605E8FFDh
add     eax, 0AC60C70Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 1FA93B36h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 37EADE0Fh
add     eax, 0EFDACA54h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 52C16E6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F83AD7A2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D8C9AD0Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0B2D36BF2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DA67783Ch
sub     eax, 78BDB8CCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0D863C40Fh
add     eax, 0E8A84CE8h
add     eax, 0FA307554h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6CB87D0Ch
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0FBDB5869h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F87C6E64h
not     eax
add     eax, 1AB9DA29h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B6E93C25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 338C3A61h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 387567E2h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 526A46B1h
add     eax, 0E2FC4D6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 1AA129A4h
sub     eax, 5AD73315h
sub     eax, 0AC7B647Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0B8958539h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 44630869h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0A44CF1A5h
sub     eax, 0A0F2543Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B446FB6Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9B6314C4h
sub     eax, 0FAB578CDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 75610013h
sub     eax, 0FC686087h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0E64E77C6h
xor     eax, 3554991Bh
sub     eax, 409F60C5h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2F6691BDh
xor     eax, 95ED7702h
sub     eax, 2BCD95B8h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F818B2D3h
xor     eax, 0C26CDF2Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0A2EFA76Ah
add     eax, 803075B4h
add     eax, 3E4B843Ah
sub     eax, 0E4FBC79Bh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 6F0F19EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 82B0FDE3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D09AFC6Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 9D4F3C8Fh
add     eax, 0BBCA6F46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 553F2338h
xor     eax, 9616B6B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4E9E9D13h
xor     eax, 0C72BBD61h
add     eax, 8854D924h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 1350AF0Bh
sub     eax, 9790AF0Fh
xor     eax, 0C1514DA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 3204DDEDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0D261D10Ch
sub     eax, 132E6EE8h
xor     eax, 0C9A3879Eh
add     eax, 4959A21Ah
xor     eax, 85C931FDh
xor     eax, 53881EF4h
xor     eax, 266B31BFh
sub     eax, 22372778h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 18DC8429h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9B5F5B1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0B62931AAh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 808D568Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0B5CA11A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 96B771A3h
sub     eax, 0A92FD1C1h
sub     eax, 0A17537F9h
sub     eax, 76521230h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 4CA32CA9h
sub     eax, 0EDDFD7A1h
add     eax, 8D786B16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 2A2A0EE1h
add     eax, 0EBBE6B34h
xor     eax, 930DE056h
add     eax, 65CE32DBh
sub     eax, 0B3A37A4Bh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E87440E0h
add     eax, 73AB5493h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 1D95C055h
sub     eax, 7350E9D0h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C61BE238h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 75F475C2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 1AE40354h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 1575327Ah
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B73584D4h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0B0056F36h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8F87F626h
xor     eax, 564818A7h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C4DA4FEFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 47C476D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D4967B4Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0A942B734h
xor     eax, 211F1F74h
xor     eax, 0CB9EB96Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 99097352h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5333F2BEh
sub     eax, 0E100C9FDh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0B5F9C3A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0AFBBD694h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9C10ABF9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0AE2ADB44h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 9A69274Fh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DA57D135h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 44793A55h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DC22D849h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 4242447Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0FC54626Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0B69BB6E2h
sub     eax, 7959BBDEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 218EBDAEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B2F6FA08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF21B152h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 60EE2190h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0E228D0A2h
add     eax, 55C98602h
xor     eax, 7C649D52h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0A20C9B32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BD70D8BBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C6866894h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A3BD42CAh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 6A7AE0D5h
xor     eax, 7039ABF2h
not     eax
add     eax, 1BFE7096h
sub     eax, 227A198Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 782CBF07h
sub     eax, 88AAFAADh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0D4799B56h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FEB2F69Bh
sub     eax, 0C014FD77h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0A2AFFA79h
xor     eax, 0E057E2D4h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0DEDB9A5Ch
add     eax, 84A9D07Fh
add     eax, 7E8300B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0C9AE99A7h
add     eax, 0DA878300h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CDA1B83Dh
add     eax, 0E14769B7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 827AFC8Fh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 2D2C096Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6D3420E3h
xor     eax, 0B817EB50h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 679DAC69h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 67DFD656h
sub     eax, 769AB884h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CB037214h
add     eax, 0FF2C66C9h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0EF3AB309h
xor     eax, 6793685Ch
sub     eax, 7A62D345h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 36597B30h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 98F21F19h
sub     eax, 5582D598h
xor     eax, 0F6853F35h
add     eax, 0EA7A8302h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 541ED505h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 3778F515h
add     eax, 0FF3C3388h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0CC2AC134h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 4E6529EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 10ADA6B3h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 664ED7E2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 647417F2h
sub     eax, 0A8017A6Dh
add     eax, 67B8AC35h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 6327D843h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0C1CB4DEAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0E5F69FE8h
xor     eax, 6ED02BCFh
xor     eax, 2386B2DAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0C4C706CEh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E061E931h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 55186A30h
add     eax, 0ED442944h
sub     eax, 0F9FEAA58h
xor     eax, 3E551B84h
add     eax, 967AD499h
sub     eax, 9FFCE843h
sub     eax, 0B01132CDh
add     eax, 0CBBBD9C6h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 8941C17Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C7F55A6Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 9F0EDB64h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E8CAC501h
sub     eax, 981A2AD9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 85454F24h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1C3D35B4h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 87201999h
xor     eax, 722FAEC2h
xor     eax, 5E2CE678h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FB16156Ah
sub     eax, 8F8F9927h
xor     eax, 0FC4C9571h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3FAE52F6h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 350E0A1Bh
sub     eax, 0D80A2321h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A0BC6FDCh
add     eax, 0D6AACD68h
add     eax, 39BD31A6h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 9C797FDEh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 5E1A83C5h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 4147A384h
xor     eax, 14D5D965h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 76223894h
xor     eax, 0E8ADA1E6h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 261489D8h
xor     eax, 99B4A330h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 8A96B832h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 73BFA46Dh
xor     eax, 1CEECFE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 44FA5BD5h
add     eax, 3DF41565h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 65F39D4Ah
add     eax, 4DF4E45Eh
sub     eax, 0DE37852Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 3DF871E6h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0B07B7A51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 44C460FCh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 72E9743Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CE728BA0h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0AB25DE10h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F1D4F0E2h
not     eax
add     eax, 4584E1CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7A3DD389h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C4022DA6h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0AEC0ED86h
xor     eax, 0DE268894h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D670AAADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F7CD9062h
sub     eax, 4EC84F20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 4856AB19h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 83E5161Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 7F04FDEDh
xor     eax, 55E17CC2h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 59B23D46h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7A6EC70Fh
xor     eax, 453B1D9Bh
add     eax, 0E73852ECh
not     eax
add     eax, 74A09E73h
xor     eax, 445B091Eh
sub     eax, 0EE6B9DC2h
sub     eax, 93B1400Dh
sub     eax, 813D7F40h
xor     eax, 0BCBD35CDh
add     eax, 0EF3095F8h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 55048A75h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0A0D3C9F5h
xor     eax, 67886AF8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 9A0D9EF3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CA398B7Bh
xor     eax, 0E7D1D100h
sub     eax, 0A73A1C1Dh
add     eax, 6E6E84EFh
sub     eax, 4C914B90h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 8A26EF06h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EEECBB21h
sub     eax, 4B8AB956h
xor     eax, 65127023h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E5CAB0D8h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 8CA139D1h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 71185D17h
sub     eax, 4033E9A8h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 38805777h
sub     eax, 83489794h
add     eax, 0E3798DA7h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 1B9AEFD4h
xor     eax, 1B13F83Eh
sub     eax, 80BB6352h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 3057E993h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 315A7B19h
sub     eax, 9F7639A1h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 1226F12Dh
xor     eax, 0DE80D873h
add     eax, 0CC35868Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 4C8BACF4h
xor     eax, 437DF82Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3C75D5F0h
add     eax, 548786C9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CDCF6A13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ADD9E9C2h
add     eax, 7B3D2B34h
sub     eax, 87BC3CE0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 41C74A57h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B464B9Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 275E0BBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 79E205D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 69DACBBFh
xor     eax, 0D2788371h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8B0241E1h
add     eax, 8B46412Dh
add     eax, 0C9496D75h
xor     eax, 0CFAD12DEh
add     eax, 0B301E7B5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C6843A07h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 69FBB57Eh
add     eax, 1FD3F8D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 61FE598Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F9EBB490h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 778FA609h
xor     eax, 5AAA91D2h
sub     eax, 7C942773h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3C2422EFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6F8E472Eh
sub     eax, 915F728Fh
add     eax, 0B73F9726h
add     eax, 0AA92B7E7h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 17B4C590h
xor     eax, 4DA724FBh
add     eax, 0B18BDC74h
add     eax, 0BA11880Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 5E991157h
sub     eax, 4901BC53h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0B796BDADh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 71D33551h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 7E64371Eh
add     eax, 0B4C57591h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 1715E76Ch
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 87D72348h
sub     eax, 1611A9A8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3CE2887Bh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 353DC4E9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3A1472E0h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FCE2C972h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2D067ADEh
xor     eax, 0A5F7814Dh
xor     eax, 0F7054C67h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 404E22D6h
xor     eax, 0D98E6671h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E0037203h
xor     eax, 9C04EBFDh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F87B58BDh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 242C89E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 18D9CF80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2D796DD2h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A27C4E39h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FB6617AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9D9866F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EFD93E50h
sub     eax, 8FB9F4E8h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0BF3E3533h
sub     eax, 64F0F22Ch
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0D6523D9Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3489FDF3h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 287A7BB2h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0C2ED46DFh
sub     eax, 0E75F53D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D1BC8EB1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0AADAF78Dh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3E2A4F16h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 51138F05h
sub     eax, 5A843CCEh
sub     eax, 2088B7E7h
sub     eax, 94D0F60Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0CB955121h
sub     eax, 0B5EAEEB6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ACFD511Eh
sub     eax, 98A352A0h
add     eax, 353DD286h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 569821BDh
sub     eax, 51C5F623h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 82A2D285h
add     eax, 0C9C5F130h
xor     eax, 0DDEC2DBDh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0DCEBCE64h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 4CA35B22h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0F9E37E32h
sub     eax, 2B340B12h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 1EFB54FEh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 476EC225h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0CFE8F1DEh
xor     eax, 5B116814h
xor     eax, 1F01664Bh
sub     eax, 7EF2947Ch
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 2E50B7B9h
add     eax, 38F0FF0Bh
xor     eax, 0EF76848Ch
add     eax, 0AC1C5A23h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D64C3CF2h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5C1B9E91h
add     eax, 4196D222h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 5E370B0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C3D281E6h
add     eax, 60F77E86h
xor     eax, 0F4501B4Ah
sub     eax, 450396DCh
add     eax, 27C93D81h
xor     eax, 755CD8A8h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 770B04D4h
xor     eax, 1522DB25h
add     eax, 0B84F3DB1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4D074ED4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 232D8BE7h
xor     eax, 675FC61Ah
xor     eax, 0CE95D431h
sub     eax, 648D20A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 58C9540Dh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0BFE701A9h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0AA8C87C2h
add     eax, 207FED7Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F31FD69Eh
add     eax, 0AD4F5875h
sub     eax, 59EE92A5h
not     eax
add     eax, 30586B6Ah
add     eax, 912A9247h
add     eax, 6A9DC746h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 579213FDh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0F2905BDAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AC7C8401h
xor     eax, 722823B8h
sub     eax, 0ADECCD19h
sub     eax, 9E045738h
add     eax, 0B741B6EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B40966F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E78B7D96h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0FB573F28h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 59035248h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0ACCC4B59h
xor     eax, 0A13078D8h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 602A64BEh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0E46B56A1h
xor     eax, 0F95C6BE6h
sub     eax, 0CCA06E92h
add     eax, 136FF84Ah
xor     eax, 0FDBF97A0h
add     eax, 0C3AAB4E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F3E5A0EAh
xor     eax, 9F13BB3Bh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 840D1537h
xor     eax, 0A33F5E62h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0B984D724h
xor     eax, 84A661D4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0C749B31Ch
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 42F35267h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 385EC8B3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E036B036h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 2F2C559Bh
xor     eax, 0EA7DED2Ah
sub     eax, 0E9416886h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 77AAB207h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0EACD267Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0C6FB3ED1h
sub     eax, 8490F970h
add     eax, 0CF9FC443h
add     eax, 6389E754h
add     eax, 75E859EBh
xor     eax, 23DBA6A3h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0CBC7E437h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B2C2A4C0h
xor     eax, 190EDD96h
xor     eax, 0C3EE1CB7h
xor     eax, 1A83E4F3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2F04FA3Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 4C9E91A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A53F369Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AF9BA111h
add     eax, 1D402DB5h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 258239A0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2AB807E1h
add     eax, 0C5ABBF79h
add     eax, 317A284Fh
xor     eax, 5D259DC6h
add     eax, 1662DA8Eh
xor     eax, 6D97C57Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0F7D386B3h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 290464E9h
xor     eax, 0A9AC766Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AEB7D3B8h
add     eax, 908D6F25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 12D516F8h
add     eax, 0E562485Ah
sub     eax, 58BE0A72h
sub     eax, 0D6F94CB8h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 54AC54F4h
xor     eax, 734D9429h
not     eax
add     eax, 1C1EC9A2h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0BBE26B79h
sub     eax, 62AFFB28h
xor     eax, 0CFB68799h
add     eax, 30DE97A9h
add     eax, 6CB6147Dh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 87D391F1h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0DE3D5AF1h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 405697B9h
add     eax, 983575BDh
xor     eax, 9A9E1EECh
sub     eax, 154F88CDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 77E710B0h
sub     eax, 0E6F5808Bh
xor     eax, 0D21E2214h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0EF1948FEh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 57DCED22h
add     eax, 4EB24F7Ah
sub     eax, 4FCE133Ch
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0DC732209h
add     eax, 414394ECh
not     eax
add     eax, 8FDD8672h
sub     eax, 1579564Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FF1C7B2Dh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 4DCB1F02h
sub     eax, 5639D29Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2D86C232h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 71912BC8h
xor     eax, 0B85E316Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 147956C6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FBC7AA23h
sub     eax, 0E6F6FF1Bh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 91402C92h
sub     eax, 661CAAE6h
sub     eax, 0ECC3C9E0h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0F4448737h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F41350E5h
xor     eax, 0DA9F0649h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0AE1E1A1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 45E0D475h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 148AC1D6h
xor     eax, 1F6D527Eh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 7B35429Dh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0BDC8662Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0F7C958E7h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 4734A826h
xor     eax, 952BAF2Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0F9AB9653h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 9D333EF8h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 27DA452Ah
sub     eax, 0F4D1DE26h
not     eax
add     eax, 34ED9F7Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D3B3647Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 61DB24C8h
sub     eax, 1F21955Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 15072BDAh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A7A5AFCDh
sub     eax, 454C9585h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 42318C17h
xor     eax, 713BD55Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0AE92CB08h
add     eax, 2DC7327Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 2D7C7B8Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 989698C8h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 56D26204h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 836A38AFh
sub     eax, 0E2CABB38h
not     eax
add     eax, 36EDC872h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F8100184h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 52757F3Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7823A5A8h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 4F5FECB6h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0D3550979h
not     eax
sub     eax, 307717A9h
xor     eax, 0EB9658E8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 42D0DE06h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4AAFE843h
sub     eax, 369909C3h
xor     eax, 0E8B9CD38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9689C08Ch
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 64EE5670h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9E8BB9F3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 219E458Eh
sub     eax, 5E2A3DC6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 61279018h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 94B7028Eh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 57183F85h
xor     eax, 6866AF2Bh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 1FC404FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 97A5815Fh
xor     eax, 77C6C2C8h
sub     eax, 2D3649CDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CDC6A7A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FAEB5FC4h
add     eax, 0A8E1788Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5D5A6B11h
xor     eax, 574E65E3h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0D2F5AFF3h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 49C2CC3Ch
xor     eax, 2C696160h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 53411C0Bh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D235219Bh
xor     eax, 1142D21Bh
add     eax, 71159FD7h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 984B0DC3h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0E363DBCCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A6E837A9h
sub     eax, 3313022Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 6AB3E40Dh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 9184FC07h
xor     eax, 54EE66FBh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 5B412B53h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 51019253h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BA79B411h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0EBFBFA53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B6A0082Fh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FEE539D9h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 54229FE3h
add     eax, 86E4E630h
add     eax, 0A6943427h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D26B329Dh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0AB7D405Fh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 4C75CA9Ch
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 9A8A9BBFh
xor     eax, 1E00BDEAh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 6974EC5Dh
sub     eax, 0D6DA8639h
sub     eax, 792526B4h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 46427922h
xor     eax, 0DEF6AC92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0EABBE5E5h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F6C9186Bh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 3E24516Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 7A46E104h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 6434C31Eh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 480770A6h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0B412E322h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4E3C809Bh
sub     eax, 11117903h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 21C23D47h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 1E6AB94Dh
add     eax, 0A073F75Ah
sub     eax, 6E280142h
add     eax, 94F673A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0CFF7C8B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 10FB66A6h
add     eax, 0C686F58Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2DCBC57Dh
xor     eax, 0ACBED143h
add     eax, 0C81CC57Bh
xor     eax, 7EE69F21h
add     eax, 0DABB7233h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 4F837A3Ch
xor     eax, 0B4BFB010h
add     eax, 9792AD97h
xor     eax, 688C515Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0FC3D7D0Fh
xor     eax, 0BD792C04h
sub     eax, 5BB3C8DFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 7B20AF17h
xor     eax, 5C073CB9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 832D7D03h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0AA4C86E9h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0A87F8266h
xor     eax, 0A4B4D22Eh
xor     eax, 54D37271h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8E4AAC49h
add     eax, 0D6E75BBFh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 13BFA802h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 68C5383Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6AF6B17Ch
sub     eax, 0DFBF72A9h
xor     eax, 231D6A34h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3384D6C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D87DC752h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 8975BD99h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B6B48A3Fh
add     eax, 331B1C92h
xor     eax, 5DD1029Bh
xor     eax, 80B9FDD7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7BB5C3F9h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 742BFCB4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 3BEE0F4Fh
sub     eax, 6DA633CAh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 4D0B090Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8ACA5BB1h
not     eax
add     eax, 15C01350h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 66A98766h
xor     eax, 4B38EEDEh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 1720FC6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 498DF5BDh
sub     eax, 0CB9DAA99h
add     eax, 0A46C092Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 6010E99Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0EFB9F3F9h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B0AE3B1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DBE071DEh
sub     eax, 0B8339677h
not     eax
sub     eax, 623F0C11h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F57008B2h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 151EADC7h
add     eax, 721688EBh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 4BD5415Bh
add     eax, 0CBBFAA5Ch
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 13088113h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 6412E56Ah
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 74055DA5h
add     eax, 40CF2847h
not     eax
add     eax, 3AEE8424h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 7C631328h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 67AFADF9h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BFFCB139h
add     eax, 0EA5EDE9Ah
xor     eax, 8E629941h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 23C31ECAh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0BD752785h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 5A687C87h
sub     eax, 444371BCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 46886EEEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 7AEA2D97h
xor     eax, 0CEB049DEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BA35882Fh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0F978018Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 19323989h
add     eax, 0E246AD32h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D28497FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 62583441h
sub     eax, 0A2B168BCh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ED935FB5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 14AC1DFDh
sub     eax, 23AA3FFBh
xor     eax, 0E2BF67D1h
xor     eax, 0F304E0C6h
sub     eax, 8A749586h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 10514D45h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9F04123Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F7DAF174h
add     eax, 3C93C924h
xor     eax, 901F9C51h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CBD14473h
add     eax, 0BE794AFAh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0E734DAC7h
sub     eax, 541727DBh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 53C3A114h
add     eax, 0C7890C0Dh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 3F491B38h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 7F0324E3h
not     eax
add     eax, 2724970Ah
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 9C782341h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 7B4B679Ch
sub     eax, 0F7DC6694h
sub     eax, 0E30ACF63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 3C31EC73h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 8D9D5CBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0B27D3FAFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1A31A516h
add     eax, 48F325D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 204427BBh
not     eax
add     eax, 91A18638h
sub     eax, 0C6DD18BDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CBDC55C2h
sub     eax, 2B4B0091h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 684BFD7Ch
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 8F85C8B2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FF755D8Fh
add     eax, 0EA2E1569h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0CD2C7132h
xor     eax, 0E664D058h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 6FD2D31Ah
add     eax, 0EDFA9991h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AB6D3077h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6B237626h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0BEF52E4Fh
sub     eax, 7F9C79ECh
not     eax
add     eax, 2B809418h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 29834A24h
sub     eax, 0B7100796h
not     eax
add     eax, 82DE15B0h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0C39E6A34h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0ECE4DE15h
xor     eax, 0D230F200h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 1DED261Eh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1DDA33FAh
add     eax, 0C13D9C03h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 2C50CFA1h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 622E94ADh
xor     eax, 0CA07CB19h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D3EFD460h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B381DA21h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2DA7D584h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0B70DB69Ch
add     eax, 9F0694C0h
xor     eax, 1FEB2B0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 61F8091Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5B258C5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AFC64FE3h
xor     eax, 224A4053h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2D9F3071h
xor     eax, 0A9BE7D4Eh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 30C53C59h
add     eax, 0DDF8C74Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 27544429h
add     eax, 0DE392516h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 4E8F4F15h
add     eax, 929FC9E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AEE9AA48h
add     eax, 0A1C2F825h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 3E525837h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 75AD8353h
xor     eax, 0F18E65CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0B7A70B3Bh
sub     eax, 0E7BDF461h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0E5CA0B88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 2A16AFA7h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 7B2EF4D7h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 67F15372h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6A277874h
sub     eax, 0D25290C8h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 228909E0h
add     eax, 89AF6DE4h
xor     eax, 7A49119Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0FD355C15h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 8D576BCBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0B17823D2h
sub     eax, 956B8FB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A56DCA1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 867DC72Ah
xor     eax, 0C7454D6Ch
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 70755967h
add     eax, 2FFC454Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 3F3CD3CDh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0F8088300h
sub     eax, 7E4DC94Eh
xor     eax, 7B1E2780h
xor     eax, 211B6921h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 71FF7FA1h
add     eax, 460795CAh
xor     eax, 748949F7h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0B100476Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0A08911BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8EE1CA5Eh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 9A00221Bh
add     eax, 0FFB6262Fh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BA6DB096h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0E44B94EFh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9A10FB26h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 399EDDC8h
xor     eax, 0CA9F2C9Dh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0A4AFB411h
add     eax, 8ACF863Eh
sub     eax, 6DF95DB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0BE295C32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0A76169E4h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0CCE4094Ch
xor     eax, 5168CF2Dh
xor     eax, 0D1A6BF6Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 98015D66h
sub     eax, 0BD575CB4h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F15424ABh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CBB14AEFh
add     eax, 0CCD10240h
sub     eax, 899A2EC1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D19EBA1h
xor     eax, 0B43DB626h
add     eax, 4CCFD455h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 93E8B933h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B74F8969h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B0418AE1h
sub     eax, 9DCED4E8h
xor     eax, 0A88B945Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 67CA7C42h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 7C4BF1A1h
add     eax, 137509A2h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E2A3564Dh
add     eax, 5E20B0ACh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0A6E3F78Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 6BFD2993h
sub     eax, 6C6C3925h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 8DA61FFBh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 689B1AAAh
sub     eax, 7D2494AEh
add     eax, 9E1488A9h
sub     eax, 81D65BB0h
add     eax, 0E2D01E25h
sub     eax, 0FF1E5C22h
xor     eax, 0B51025D2h
sub     eax, 46EA8B56h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0F4C0E8FFh
sub     eax, 3B707192h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 1F63C08Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 450D4CF0h
sub     eax, 270E0229h
xor     eax, 35F23A31h
add     eax, 0B2C2985Eh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0B97C26DFh
xor     eax, 38B7000Fh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B08345E4h
xor     eax, 28F3C59Bh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2063A05Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 80A1868Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B0473C27h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 129820EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0DAE8F070h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 6DA458FCh
xor     eax, 1EF9E7FFh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E1FDEE83h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BAEB418Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7B041D6Bh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0EED8F2FBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6428E40Eh
xor     eax, 0F19003F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0FA4AFA96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 460FAF15h
add     eax, 3E25DADAh
add     eax, 56B87916h
add     eax, 0E31BA3B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9FD4AB2Bh
add     eax, 0C649B6ACh
sub     eax, 5392930Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0F7DA3F57h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2E557B94h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4289044Fh
sub     eax, 48045640h
sub     eax, 88A679F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2C2174EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C111FE2Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0C43ED664h
not     eax
add     eax, 7125BBFAh
add     eax, 907D6A7Ch
sub     eax, 7184DEDDh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B8AC1F66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F6EBADD6h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1FA401A4h
xor     eax, 6F5C2E4Dh
sub     eax, 0CBCA0613h
sub     eax, 0DF6CACA3h
add     eax, 0C9D65C51h
xor     eax, 0F9F1159Bh
xor     eax, 50DFB866h
sub     eax, 48EB1504h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 431D642Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 3BB06FCCh
sub     eax, 992D77EBh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D96F9F12h
sub     eax, 5D8AC002h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FE9A2461h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C692A096h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AED0E80Bh
sub     eax, 526CD334h
xor     eax, 8EA3D7E0h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 8E850617h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 8C4D644Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 105354EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 20E6F338h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 4FFD3C85h
sub     eax, 0DE3F8B21h
xor     eax, 67D10012h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E32BF7D3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AD136113h
add     eax, 0FA274C2Ah
sub     eax, 2C3664C1h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6B1AAC1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 2510BC52h
sub     eax, 0C715C9EDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DB11ED6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DC0843B9h
add     eax, 4AF5689Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 1AAE9EEAh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D9648DC3h
sub     eax, 2B4BB9C4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 49DABCB0h
xor     eax, 3BF18BE3h
sub     eax, 87C96767h
sub     eax, 0DCF9CDC2h
sub     eax, 591AB201h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0BE3F7A7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 90E906FBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 938A2BD3h
add     eax, 93A9F8A0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 967AD3B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0C320279Bh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 522C1135h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 650FFEAAh
sub     eax, 576659FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EE6634B7h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 34C11B4Bh
add     eax, 0F39B2DBBh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0E4398E45h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0DE706E2Ch
sub     eax, 17685361h
sub     eax, 0F5037082h
xor     eax, 37BBAEA5h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0BD7C631Ah
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 905A5448h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0FDF20DDCh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 7D5AD432h
add     eax, 7949EB8Fh
add     eax, 0FFCB112Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 71A0D696h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 413D379Bh
add     eax, 87CFD635h
add     eax, 19988063h
add     eax, 0D2031698h
add     eax, 71963ABFh
xor     eax, 0F756E221h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A7786784h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 8437FB4Fh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0DC5C1DB1h
add     eax, 18B53840h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 56088993h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EE6B457Dh
add     eax, 5F930969h
xor     eax, 0C8EF1C3Bh
sub     eax, 833BFC4Ch
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 750E7A70h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A9C2C47Ch
xor     eax, 1D75D6F9h
sub     eax, 0E8AB1358h
not     eax
xor     eax, 38747F87h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 4D8EAB0Ch
add     eax, 4B5B3712h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 92BE78FDh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 46C3401Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 82BDE379h
sub     eax, 946B36B6h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 85F1DE5Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DC11C1ACh
add     eax, 477BEA85h
sub     eax, 0C88B5C51h
add     eax, 35032E94h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1235D03Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 8D1DEAD5h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 60E4B5A9h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 4515F289h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 45F16C22h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 35C806B8h
xor     eax, 524EF775h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0F611AFADh
sub     eax, 0DE186064h
xor     eax, 0AE19DF06h
not     eax
xor     eax, 66D6CE7Dh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 8EB8A7F7h
xor     eax, 498BA541h
sub     eax, 5907C297h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 36E46F0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 780DDBC4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0DF104641h
sub     eax, 0AFB10E5Bh
add     eax, 0FC802570h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 9E67FCEEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0AAEA6491h
xor     eax, 0C888B88Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 144A5D4Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 447ED732h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 36F9E453h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0D1A06A91h
sub     eax, 43A90EA1h
xor     eax, 7E7FF919h
xor     eax, 1935DFCAh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DEF09862h
not     eax
add     eax, 45060100h
add     eax, 3C4D8F28h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 61DB7DFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0EFB4436Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5AE831B7h
xor     eax, 0CA819A48h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0D7CABCB1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0E076C23Bh
xor     eax, 35B9164Fh
xor     eax, 28CEFDA3h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F2760671h
xor     eax, 269600A2h
add     eax, 0EDFEAB0Bh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 3D013E63h
xor     eax, 2D445E9Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 9E4B78BAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 895F0C78h
sub     eax, 947C31F1h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0AC1A151Eh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0A250D0FAh
add     eax, 0BE6EA769h
add     eax, 1C5B7B9Fh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F493BD4Ah
xor     eax, 8C15687Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DDC7419Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0C223FE45h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0A4B140C9h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 4DF2C236h
sub     eax, 0C2C5F0FAh
sub     eax, 6EFB052Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3FAF1490h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 89283A2Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 798971EAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FACAC28Dh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0BF51C004h
xor     eax, 0C89AE33Ch
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 28D5B36Ah
add     eax, 91238E93h
xor     eax, 90F65458h
add     eax, 202DCBA9h
add     eax, 0D9442EB8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EB2C0B12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B717BB90h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 357CA727h
sub     eax, 0E8D8D1BEh
sub     eax, 0D1E2588Fh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 0D56C31A1h
add     eax, 7DD04D37h
xor     eax, 7FB3464Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 144DAC98h
xor     eax, 0E1F70842h
sub     eax, 68EB8EB3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AF794ADFh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 539A4E82h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 3EB9CEA8h
xor     eax, 0A998081Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0E759BF0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 7311589Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 172A7707h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 7E83E45Ah
xor     eax, 0EF9ECEBBh
xor     eax, 872A0561h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A18B7E79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EC858A58h
sub     eax, 0D6D31E5Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 8212575Dh
add     eax, 0AB2A4FBCh
xor     eax, 0DDFD0E82h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 468626D6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D5A47AA7h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F75C9928h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0E4C03D1Dh
xor     eax, 4AD946E3h
sub     eax, 6C567F6Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 295719D6h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 827C3B0Bh
xor     eax, 0C6F15D34h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 34A2678Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 95A65E9Fh
add     eax, 0AA2EDF66h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 8C89D1ECh
sub     eax, 84205D06h
add     eax, 1E34CB70h
sub     eax, 0EE100CC5h
xor     eax, 0ABDC99BBh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0A30F70D2h
sub     eax, 38257E50h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D7F485F4h
xor     eax, 0FD107AE8h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0E353DE31h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0A8D862CCh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F0607819h
add     eax, 0FB17A6E6h
sub     eax, 0D382ADB4h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0E3EDEDF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 49E82EF4h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 88E6811Ah
xor     eax, 116129C1h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 7956D872h
sub     eax, 0BD5C9537h
xor     eax, 65DF04A6h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B4D25E5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DB06CAD4h
xor     eax, 0B6FA14A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 95FBF254h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2314640Ah
sub     eax, 2DCFF466h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5E2B2A0Ah
sub     eax, 17D14BE8h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 14AA0863h
add     eax, 8F7B4810h
xor     eax, 1D2685D3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A7ECFC9Dh
sub     eax, 0F2201B31h
sub     eax, 39777524h
add     eax, 1E11E778h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0B263178Eh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 43AF75ECh
xor     eax, 0B89F0ADFh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 6F480544h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0EEC45645h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0AD792269h
xor     eax, 581324E3h
add     eax, 0CB599122h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 63E0DF3Bh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 631428E0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 11EF5A2Eh
sub     eax, 0C244A230h
sub     eax, 61A39119h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F7BF4805h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 38992115h
sub     eax, 0A235716Bh
sub     eax, 1E00BDEEh
add     eax, 6E2A714Dh
xor     eax, 3E2E1BE4h
xor     eax, 0AE44B142h
sub     eax, 0A5DBB150h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 867AC8B7h
xor     eax, 22112352h
xor     eax, 0D95BFEF9h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0BE65BB22h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BC68F0BCh
xor     eax, 0A252594Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2183EBBEh
sub     eax, 0BD5F567Ch
sub     eax, 35BB9B50h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 49498A72h
add     eax, 0CFDB0BC2h
add     eax, 155998F9h
sub     eax, 0E4A1CF3Bh
xor     eax, 80795358h
xor     eax, 0B23FBBDBh
sub     eax, 0DD2EA9B1h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0E9E0C83Bh
add     eax, 26DEB869h
add     eax, 0B17A5917h
add     eax, 827335D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2C42CDD4h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0DFD10906h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 14A74737h
sub     eax, 0D3FA4CC9h
sub     eax, 2782DD72h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B01AD1F1h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0BC008872h
add     eax, 2FD3DE6Fh
add     eax, 7E0F2FEDh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9F01C1ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F344AE92h
add     eax, 0DFA500FFh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 292A76B8h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0D6500C51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0D8EE2B51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E339E048h
xor     eax, 43F39ED7h
xor     eax, 1CE2C30Dh
add     eax, 0B93BE116h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EBBEF35Fh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 41CBB233h
xor     eax, 0CF75C9E5h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 2902F306h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A7A1EC37h
add     eax, 0B4EA9C74h
xor     eax, 72C2A328h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 257D04E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7E13E0F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 6513C919h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 8BC1DE50h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 3B4D829Eh
add     eax, 0A15BCAEEh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 38E7B460h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0D3CA43D1h
add     eax, 64BF37EAh
sub     eax, 8863B374h
add     eax, 607EB8D4h
xor     eax, 0E70CC134h
sub     eax, 0C2ABCD2Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0C0AF2B12h
sub     eax, 0A4CE6F85h
add     eax, 0CF201971h
sub     eax, 5C546B60h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 128DED75h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C81AC328h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 18778684h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 23B4EEFFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 94A83922h
add     eax, 0E30A715Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 14A739A9h
not     eax
add     eax, 3A395788h
xor     eax, 0B03A6408h
add     eax, 0FD412210h
xor     eax, 5A6133F8h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0C70C59DAh
sub     eax, 0B67F12ECh
add     eax, 0C914CA55h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0BAC2260Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FF19F41Fh
sub     eax, 466D7E9Ah
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 31C169FAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 38E53566h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 7F05D37Fh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 48B9DFB2h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 6F633F75h
add     eax, 22D73348h
add     eax, 6E18E17Ch
xor     eax, 1B9D490Eh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 50B1088Dh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0F233EF03h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D5AE721Fh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 1C61B78Fh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0E0DDD008h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 4AD7DA49h
add     eax, 0B0000058h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 47ADB486h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 556CC281h
sub     eax, 7061DB2Ch
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0D40D07A6h
sub     eax, 39255FB7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A80B4CD7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 323A3499h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 366A6B6Ch
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 87D0DC5Ch
xor     eax, 5A238447h
add     eax, 0C0CDABB7h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0C97CC281h
sub     eax, 0B28CE252h
sub     eax, 0D0E205FDh
sub     eax, 0A1A6520Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 38CFC752h
xor     eax, 0C4F6B42Ch
sub     eax, 0B13D3225h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 65507EA1h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 54B2F9DCh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0BF8CC566h
sub     eax, 447C2AE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 818D6DF1h
sub     eax, 87B559FFh
xor     eax, 2A80D9D8h
sub     eax, 14D6E4A6h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 33AA98F2h
sub     eax, 0D1929313h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 4D6A6B30h
sub     eax, 7E9206BBh
sub     eax, 62C4A23Ch
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 48AC90B3h
add     eax, 115E98F1h
add     eax, 3E72AFFDh
add     eax, 691EA627h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 56912B3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E84449CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E030422Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D754747Dh
sub     eax, 9DB92616h
sub     eax, 0C7A67875h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9981862Ah
add     eax, 0CDD09A12h
xor     eax, 679BD96Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 32EB8029h
xor     eax, 0E5FF7265h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 64E7DCCEh
not     eax
add     eax, 353C2942h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3DBA762Bh
sub     eax, 991C7139h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 27DE449Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 56146E38h
xor     eax, 0F463EDF2h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AAE68E75h
xor     eax, 102F4F79h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0A1D2E631h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1CACCA9Dh
add     eax, 359669D8h
add     eax, 0B225CC41h
add     eax, 27F06090h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5EB6C0F4h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 2CD085C8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B7B3F2DAh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 79DFC25Eh
xor     eax, 0ACDC0708h
xor     eax, 39419DD3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 90735D1Dh
add     eax, 7A8B32F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7A441E78h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0B51EC948h
xor     eax, 66261A75h
sub     eax, 84CBE62Bh
sub     eax, 0D6D35F33h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0C5AC7763h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C953B11Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0FB130E50h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 76001023h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 72FC80F5h
xor     eax, 917C49D1h
sub     eax, 7C4CB66Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9E097BA3h
xor     eax, 0FB701644h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 1521255Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 17238FEBh
xor     eax, 1E3392EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C6E38272h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B5E945A2h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0CB187D47h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 9C96B40Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B31819EFh
xor     eax, 6DE6A6DCh
xor     eax, 6E500A57h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 6BCDF66Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8F773343h
xor     eax, 0BFB7804Bh
sub     eax, 7DA9299Dh
xor     eax, 0C92F18E5h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0AA27CA08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 3ECAED03h
xor     eax, 7CEBEEB3h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 30703682h
add     eax, 0A9E6BD38h
xor     eax, 14F13B2Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A9B60353h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0D65BAA8Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C99E753Eh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 1DC6D65Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A40AF04h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 302890AAh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0C3C80093h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7F4FF246h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 8851374Fh
sub     eax, 0D818FD83h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2BB443C4h
add     eax, 0DE53FF54h
sub     eax, 8DBD787Ch
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0AA9A3CFDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 40E9A2DBh
xor     eax, 5CD072B3h
sub     eax, 0A98B9DD0h
not     eax
add     eax, 8AE17CF2h
add     eax, 0F1EA9CBDh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 19551E7Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5841EF86h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 8157E483h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 93A83B0Dh
xor     eax, 0B8339F6Ah
xor     eax, 0D7342699h
add     eax, 8027EE7Dh
xor     eax, 0B8AF8372h
sub     eax, 10CFF018h
xor     eax, 456ABE91h
add     eax, 72D5DAD8h
xor     eax, 0FA846E8Ah
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 5835FB66h
xor     eax, 4582921Bh
add     eax, 219873EAh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8B55DA35h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C1982E77h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0A48AAB47h
sub     eax, 0C877FF52h
sub     eax, 2BF8560Eh
add     eax, 85D0C893h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 5FA1C395h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 922DC823h
xor     eax, 0A74DC9D5h
xor     eax, 2A8A0848h
add     eax, 9778E5B3h
sub     eax, 3CECF6CCh
add     eax, 0C954BC02h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3257A96Ch
add     eax, 343C654Eh
add     eax, 0B8112239h
not     eax
sub     eax, 64D0F457h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0EC5EF85Ah
sub     eax, 43ACF67Bh
xor     eax, 2978CD14h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 54FCC1FAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2AE4C64Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E907D738h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 76698D7Fh
sub     eax, 0B95EE2FFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AF0689ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5D745BC8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 72C007E6h
add     eax, 3545D619h
add     eax, 86AED144h
sub     eax, 0BEEF008Bh
xor     eax, 95CBD608h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CC69A421h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 3E3E089Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FC11D48Fh
sub     eax, 0CED6AFFEh
xor     eax, 18A4F385h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 18EA87C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0FA32A104h
xor     eax, 0F7EFA466h
sub     eax, 81793A7Fh
xor     eax, 0C9C230DBh
add     eax, 9EEC4498h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0B6096987h
not     eax
add     eax, 4F8F3735h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 10B5BDCCh
sub     eax, 305CCAAFh
xor     eax, 0B531141Eh
sub     eax, 34EF9622h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E00F674Dh
sub     eax, 726FBCC8h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0B45EA4F5h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0CC8F864Eh
xor     eax, 7D8AED71h
not     eax
sub     eax, 32963241h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5CD2310Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 17E6C88Ah
xor     eax, 0A9D13FE6h
xor     eax, 313E12B8h
sub     eax, 98F90E05h
xor     eax, 557E6432h
add     eax, 557F4B28h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 3096EF32h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 8A3F4765h
add     eax, 963AE263h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0B9B0D0D0h
xor     eax, 9CA04881h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 16B75F2Ah
add     eax, 0A4FB25A0h
xor     eax, 74B2D1E9h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 62FD441Dh
sub     eax, 0B8BC2AB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 2421C95Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 730CA6D7h
xor     eax, 0CFD202BFh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0E4D149B8h
add     eax, 40F49D87h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 44E75472h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 44BC7AEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6F38090Dh
xor     eax, 77ADEB2Eh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 35F45B64h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E200784Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 47CC88A7h
sub     eax, 7FBFA661h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AB9DAB29h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F9768B00h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 558F40F9h
sub     eax, 751A6862h
sub     eax, 2EEF63A0h
sub     eax, 32C7E78Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 54D9D843h
xor     eax, 0BEB31258h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6B964F27h
sub     eax, 0AAB1CF25h
sub     eax, 8B5FFCEDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FD9D116Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1356EFABh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0C256A897h
xor     eax, 79C624DEh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0D34E6342h
not     eax
add     eax, 91B35AA7h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0A0870616h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7591BA08h
add     eax, 290427E8h
sub     eax, 5D23DB96h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 572D6C25h
xor     eax, 2ED53AC8h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 9FEF0CDAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5DC54CF2h
add     eax, 0B3AF9D1Ah
add     eax, 19AF7518h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 837BF3E2h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0C0F385BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0BC4B6B05h
xor     eax, 8BB9E310h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 88D1EC74h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0CC6A7684h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B451B397h
sub     eax, 0E16C87E6h
sub     eax, 0F64F8EEFh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 21E3DEA8h
sub     eax, 0F1635E5Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FAE91286h
sub     eax, 5493EE6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F71C40B9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EBC89B94h
xor     eax, 3DFFE3FBh
xor     eax, 41FDF354h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0BAD78FE6h
sub     eax, 0FFD59590h
add     eax, 917A5046h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9338C6A1h
add     eax, 7B5AB822h
sub     eax, 67C75712h
add     eax, 583C88C8h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 5118D2F4h
xor     eax, 336835BEh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 2D2C15F9h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 850FC8E6h
xor     eax, 0E6D05263h
add     eax, 0B04FD571h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7DC47569h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0AEE696F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1AE152FAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E5E0EDADh
add     eax, 0AE05CED4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 7466E65Dh
sub     eax, 57886425h
add     eax, 8BE56CA3h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0AE35C88Bh
sub     eax, 3A3725A1h
add     eax, 0A771DAC6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 56ACF066h
xor     eax, 65A95B4Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 69985E0Bh
add     eax, 0A8928554h
sub     eax, 0C1C4197Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 2FF4A0DFh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 93824CFEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0F04FED0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 753CDBA0h
xor     eax, 835202CBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3AFDC57Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0A6DC7FF1h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0EBC0B065h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0AF3DEB6Eh
add     eax, 0FCDB33B6h
xor     eax, 9389D2D2h
sub     eax, 0EAE8F8C6h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0D1E9ECADh
sub     eax, 0DD0ADE11h
xor     eax, 5C84426Ch
add     eax, 4C98AEFFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 55BD5DCAh
xor     eax, 2B7A10FBh
xor     eax, 7C2E66DBh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 7B804C72h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 3B42865Bh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B7976EF8h
xor     eax, 5E64661Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0A05D6517h
sub     eax, 5A4EEC29h
add     eax, 3A73CC03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 211892BBh
xor     eax, 8C89A09Dh
xor     eax, 3683E295h
add     eax, 0A38F80EFh
add     eax, 17679A74h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 88D290A4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9801E5D6h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 54C2D073h
xor     eax, 0C82C1414h
add     eax, 5785933Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 50DAA93Dh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 9A6AD6FAh
xor     eax, 97A32677h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0B2A1D26Fh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 41CD46C6h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0B98D8204h
xor     eax, 93ED6F78h
sub     eax, 7534BECEh
xor     eax, 2954D97Bh
add     eax, 0FED486F3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 754AFBFAh
sub     eax, 4F1DED14h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0DB19B8BBh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6877A19Ch
sub     eax, 89AF4982h
xor     eax, 0D5067FE9h
xor     eax, 98932106h
sub     eax, 96047474h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F3662AF5h
sub     eax, 0AEA76504h
sub     eax, 9F79E12Bh
add     eax, 84227486h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 92074D55h
xor     eax, 23935D7Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 4C4CE306h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7A3A56BCh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 9420D39Bh
xor     eax, 0D54409ACh
add     eax, 50BB1C40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0C1A9A51Fh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0CDF10DF3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 45D86613h
sub     eax, 832D6181h
add     eax, 0FD3DB209h
xor     eax, 1FFFAF5Eh
xor     eax, 0ED1E16B3h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 4D14011Bh
sub     eax, 80F07D63h
sub     eax, 0BDEE612Eh
add     eax, 0C75775B5h
sub     eax, 6F0ADA90h
add     eax, 891D3E7Dh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0A5B4F4EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A7936F55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B6D1E7B4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 477C586Fh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 1006DACCh
xor     eax, 47E32A0Dh
sub     eax, 8AE1B16Ch
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 8EC3E7A8h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9FD5F1DAh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 902FE0ACh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 290BB322h
add     eax, 8A9449C1h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0E8A15CE3h
add     eax, 3BC8FA76h
xor     eax, 4ECBACCBh
xor     eax, 0D7DD9779h
sub     eax, 0DD665439h
xor     eax, 7A26D3A7h
add     eax, 0D997FBA1h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 12D304CFh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 979505BAh
sub     eax, 4803B004h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 61012BCDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 8242ADE3h
sub     eax, 0D551F5F1h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1C4B5DABh
sub     eax, 0E1891985h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6BA906A9h
add     eax, 183AD217h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B1C60A4Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DDCF096Ah
add     eax, 8B6EEDECh
add     eax, 79D3BAC1h
xor     eax, 187C2903h
sub     eax, 97A65BE6h
add     eax, 0DDAC05F4h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8607ACE0h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D103AAB7h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0ADD177B8h
xor     eax, 876D68F7h
sub     eax, 7FF9D5FFh
xor     eax, 0B26FED13h
sub     eax, 542F4BC3h
sub     eax, 0CEAA32DCh
xor     eax, 4C4985A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6884C43Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DC5EC8FEh
add     eax, 0D245BAD8h
sub     eax, 0A9F0D49Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 61CCDFC8h
sub     eax, 0D1685088h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 12455133h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0DCE863E3h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0E48207FAh
sub     eax, 0B55555EAh
add     eax, 6AA27C90h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EECCBABAh
sub     eax, 4F59BCFFh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 73841A8Ah
add     eax, 0B63921FAh
sub     eax, 0DB693F67h
sub     eax, 49596D3Eh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0BAA3EE2Ah
add     eax, 4FCC620Bh
xor     eax, 9F1D6524h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D2D04EE0h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 557D0DEBh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 931D9A54h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0D81CFCE0h
sub     eax, 9C5C7F15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 22DB9FFAh
sub     eax, 0C73842F0h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1C73B2C2h
sub     eax, 3275121Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0BE19EB8Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 77B267B5h
sub     eax, 565DB1ADh
xor     eax, 0EF0C3CF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 6C838DD1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0F08E29DDh
sub     eax, 0DD33AC59h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 963C845Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 8A28DB44h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 21CA2018h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 990607F7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 77A68F04h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0A638B13Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0FAA5B9E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C5EE2ADBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0D3F66FC2h
xor     eax, 0D11943E5h
xor     eax, 2D5BCD87h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 295B198Ah
sub     eax, 408A924Dh
add     eax, 464EDA86h
xor     eax, 0D5499316h
add     eax, 3804570Ah
add     eax, 43D657A2h
xor     eax, 0F5A29153h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 552131BEh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 2B861675h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 515047FCh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 150475ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5C8883C8h
add     eax, 0F7E8C2A6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0B659CE65h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 3452475Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 34DCC4E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 66139C64h
xor     eax, 7DCBD1F9h
xor     eax, 4F471AEFh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8A6CC575h
sub     eax, 475A1138h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 19465899h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0C8AB6D24h
add     eax, 3D79D60Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 7483E139h
add     eax, 6BAEFFD6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7DC74C8Bh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 3314F673h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0B891A509h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6DA0849Fh
sub     eax, 2DD07F91h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 7BDC7C67h
sub     eax, 0EA32FF1Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 940E535Dh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 152C065Fh
add     eax, 26ED2C3Ah
xor     eax, 3D072B5Ah
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 872007ECh
sub     eax, 58352D65h
add     eax, 2E6C91A5h
xor     eax, 60020266h
xor     eax, 89D58465h
xor     eax, 0D9EDB006h
add     eax, 7500B7E7h
add     eax, 0F87DDF6Dh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 239991FEh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9318EE62h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 20DF0071h
add     eax, 6BB9CD8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2E2ACF7Eh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9C6B7CCFh
add     eax, 0BE309297h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A57B157h
sub     eax, 0ECDA776Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 379C1C6Fh
xor     eax, 55DC07BDh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2C933201h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 84667836h
sub     eax, 8A151978h
add     eax, 0BEBA2469h
add     eax, 7CB8827Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 39CAA034h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DE4E26BBh
xor     eax, 0E7B36447h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0E192350Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 45909135h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 3EBAC8A8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 302983F2h
add     eax, 0B845BF1Ch
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0E2A4A09Ch
sub     eax, 35EAA9A6h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 66051EC7h
xor     eax, 56AEC2C8h
xor     eax, 8D005A86h
add     eax, 385F1B14h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 9C767259h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EED5D52Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 43324FC8h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0E0403464h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0AEAF9C95h
sub     eax, 0B3E37E92h
sub     eax, 0BC22A10Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 70E1C552h
add     eax, 0AFB41B68h
sub     eax, 0D762E235h
add     eax, 0B5814376h
add     eax, 789716A5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D28FD0B2h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0AA1811ABh
sub     eax, 7A6FE6E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0D368DFFAh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0CDF0B4E3h
add     eax, 41C8F337h
add     eax, 707F1BFEh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0F2E4F326h
xor     eax, 4DB6A4F0h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0E04EDEDFh
add     eax, 0B98EC952h
xor     eax, 110CC09Ah
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0E211C8FBh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 30623B76h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0FA31B77Fh
xor     eax, 9D0EF786h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3AB75C29h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ACB81860h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DAF6431Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 84CD8DCAh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C6AA0FD5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EF468122h
add     eax, 8E3EF5E1h
sub     eax, 9C4E7C27h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 8FE3F2FBh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 8EBC5B75h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0C91E72C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E1BD5AC7h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 485535CBh
add     eax, 80476081h
xor     eax, 0D2249A7Dh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 46B89C8Fh
sub     eax, 2EC3097Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 91176959h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0B0B1FA4Ch
xor     eax, 774F68A5h
sub     eax, 0D258A15Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 7430C292h
not     eax
xor     eax, 850CA0C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6AE8AD23h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 292D694Ah
xor     eax, 5030D633h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C0C61AC0h
add     eax, 0C5A864EAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D7781C89h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E2627B07h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0F1892F41h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CC12775Bh
xor     eax, 0DDF77088h
sub     eax, 86EBA6F9h
sub     eax, 52046F9Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 97BAB4FCh
add     eax, 3D18EA50h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 612C3EBDh
sub     eax, 0BD86FD26h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 39469815h
xor     eax, 83A642BCh
xor     eax, 8A1A04B8h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 45679740h
xor     eax, 176FAD87h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 7CBC071Ah
add     eax, 36008A96h
sub     eax, 72B09955h
sub     eax, 0E296661Fh
xor     eax, 275AEFD3h
xor     eax, 0E650939Ch
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4353E9B9h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0F45EF859h
xor     eax, 210443A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E69C4AB8h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 4B10691Dh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A2836835h
sub     eax, 0E978FBC3h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 28AE8741h
not     eax
xor     eax, 18E5A1E2h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 5C3CCA72h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AEFF3DB3h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 389FC9EFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 630C3BF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 142BE128h
not     eax
add     eax, 4EBEDFB7h
sub     eax, 33BAA0FCh
add     eax, 0EB6B153Bh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 671B2138h
add     eax, 7368FB9Dh
add     eax, 1690B2F2h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 93F3C10Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0A44EC287h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D7A78586h
xor     eax, 9BC5BBF2h
sub     eax, 0EC8984DAh
xor     eax, 0AA85DD3Dh
sub     eax, 0EF99FD53h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FBA097D2h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0C904D0D9h
add     eax, 5B2786B5h
add     eax, 0E10A7EB3h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0BC8B775Fh
sub     eax, 1B20DC36h
add     eax, 87805A01h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 75FA6F13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 6F02F2C7h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 157DA000h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 98EFDF23h
sub     eax, 70FE93EBh
xor     eax, 3615202Dh
xor     eax, 75C15E69h
xor     eax, 0EBB4D739h
xor     eax, 44E90087h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C5489B23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 16FE5776h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 3E077C8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D0044A98h
xor     eax, 377158FEh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0FAB8FECDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 9B9160C3h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0B7BAD481h
sub     eax, 0B550DA83h
add     eax, 0F280DEF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E175EE21h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 320188BCh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 60BE6ACDh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0BC282AF1h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8DA9BE03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F83C1865h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AD732E84h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 1F5602F7h
sub     eax, 39E42545h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FFC339C0h
sub     eax, 697AD346h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DF935B01h
add     eax, 2FBDFD4Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A0D6610Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E3D62ED4h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 38AE81FEh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 1B330F61h
add     eax, 0E887BB9Eh
add     eax, 0CD61515Fh
add     eax, 240B6841h
sub     eax, 10A2ADDEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 3AC31651h
sub     eax, 0EBEC6886h
sub     eax, 9C5DA877h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 81F01F7Fh
xor     eax, 0F4F1A6BBh
xor     eax, 0B79140ADh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0DC5389D5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 393D519Ch
sub     eax, 23B38A43h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 27931413h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 6881DBC4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0A4916CBAh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 7A8C40A3h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0ED754FB1h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 45D5BE36h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FE8F811Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 9A280F3Ah
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 26743CC5h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 334B01E8h
xor     eax, 81558AD6h
add     eax, 755ECC20h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 8230A87Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 75ADF530h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0D2121AD8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 55772BD0h
xor     eax, 433D4A80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6F4AD66Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EB2A8952h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 92AEDCAAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6A35F8A1h
add     eax, 0A5974B01h
sub     eax, 0CFF4652Fh
xor     eax, 66575E7Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 74ED349Eh
add     eax, 0C07C2251h
add     eax, 969AD4AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0BF7A5AF3h
sub     eax, 39A3BCF4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D811659Ah
sub     eax, 2AD5DD69h
add     eax, 3C1E13ABh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F64B9078h
add     eax, 4D06CFF8h
sub     eax, 72F0B0E6h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 479FEEEAh
xor     eax, 371B4AC5h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0BB036D82h
add     eax, 25E9CECAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F154EA0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 79FF9FA4h
xor     eax, 0CB347B65h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 6130D7D5h
not     eax
add     eax, 2C79556Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 8B3F6771h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0BD1A6261h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 77D31EA2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D947CACDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B94E1E56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BDDC2C81h
sub     eax, 0CDD9CC71h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 6A841235h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 56F88929h
sub     eax, 9947D787h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 8AB0C6FDh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 69B99E73h
sub     eax, 0CAB3DF9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 12996ED4h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0DCD3275Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AA10A08Fh
xor     eax, 0FEA798E3h
add     eax, 9798E311h
add     eax, 7355053Ch
xor     eax, 808770B3h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 452B94CDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3E722046h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3441B918h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D5442C1Eh
xor     eax, 0C62840BFh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0C8FBE1E3h
xor     eax, 0F0519834h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 475BABD4h
sub     eax, 3B418B83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0FF4F435Ah
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 50B60E97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 197E06DBh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 1A770EE2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2AF7D330h
xor     eax, 0DBAAD594h
add     eax, 0A286CD2Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F87324A1h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0BBE7E83Dh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 0AF7F5492h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0AD071206h
xor     eax, 5AFCA27Dh
add     eax, 80765BEEh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0FE49AE0Dh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 659C4F02h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 525CA02Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3609E918h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6B87A008h
xor     eax, 3A169A19h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 825B4031h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 63909BDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0F24A5D26h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0C097AACDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0C3DCA73Eh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 226D412Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 2AF391ACh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7E4AD167h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 686E0A59h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 6FD7B13Ch
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0AAF19A0Bh
add     eax, 9EFFF8E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9995C954h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D09E11DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F444BE8Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B54689C4h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0F9BC6229h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 1FF6145Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 59B86AEFh
sub     eax, 0E0A1F602h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0DFC939B5h
add     eax, 0AB158525h
add     eax, 8D43879Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 17D0D30Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 2919E7F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A1D3557Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 511C56CAh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B7D54B72h
sub     eax, 8C7CE61Eh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7653B1C6h
xor     eax, 97B2DE6Eh
sub     eax, 0CDC3A21Dh
sub     eax, 0EF82EB30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 699AC907h
xor     eax, 0D0DE8BF1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 3F1DCAA4h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0D2D8C7A3h
xor     eax, 0D2F1B42Bh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0D0EF3AE9h
xor     eax, 0F0D40D76h
sub     eax, 3488404Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 875D114Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1638A613h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 36D857B8h
add     eax, 0EE003907h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 72A24B2Fh
add     eax, 88DFDD6Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E49CEFF4h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 3952A0B2h
add     eax, 608D403Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 23E65FDAh
xor     eax, 2CF9DE82h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9EF40A95h
xor     eax, 63082515h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0ECAC5D22h
add     eax, 760E66E5h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6EFFED8Ch
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6CBF2A97h
sub     eax, 33FA507Fh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D34976A0h
sub     eax, 0D369CFC3h
sub     eax, 0AB209A40h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A2870A4Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 36C74A80h
add     eax, 0C53AA187h
add     eax, 4A85F3D3h
xor     eax, 0AB121570h
xor     eax, 15662287h
add     eax, 23291E6Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 741ADD12h
add     eax, 35C12726h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 933D8056h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C7C72422h
xor     eax, 1C88666Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 43C2B812h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 4FB1B1B6h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 8A70F0F6h
add     eax, 14296354h
xor     eax, 260CD2A6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F89AE652h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0CD5E6C8Fh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0DF7F5607h
xor     eax, 7924A232h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 544B7C61h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 18DD63FAh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 3CCFA502h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ED72E6D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0BE662843h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 947217F9h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0F47CE810h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5E2D11E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 9B2A5269h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 34337ADDh
xor     eax, 0D97E4607h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FDA106C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 977CFA3Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 57F09965h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F6AFDA1Ch
xor     eax, 2BB7BF7Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 41A0F0F7h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 53AB2855h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 29D2B603h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C93BCA81h
sub     eax, 0E16C203Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 300BB366h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 3243BC65h
add     eax, 1480AE17h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 5A459FE3h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B3568186h
sub     eax, 5FD80BBEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 735C93A5h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 84633A16h
add     eax, 0C1FF80A6h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 4FE7E693h
add     eax, 0D8395421h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5CB3A961h
xor     eax, 3ED6D41Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 47F8B4F4h
xor     eax, 99EC976Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 806FBB54h
add     eax, 0BF3BF3DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D7EE0E16h
xor     eax, 0E950A64Fh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0F071F67Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8F834E27h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5AE094C5h
add     eax, 0DDD266ADh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 2132FCCCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2A0CFBA8h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7154FE0Ch
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E74AD13Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 199F596Ah
sub     eax, 6308D813h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0D698C35Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 33244C4Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EAC9A0F5h
sub     eax, 0B310108Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C1EA1390h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5D578B6Eh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 83D4DA55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 1FB8C31Eh
add     eax, 7D84AF77h
xor     eax, 0EC336068h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 7577356Fh
sub     eax, 43140270h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 12B9F7D5h
sub     eax, 7A1CA539h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 9D729802h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 37717DB1h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 22414414h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A077A427h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0A5BA8E74h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 7275C8F2h
xor     eax, 75A75D70h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 7BA26083h
xor     eax, 1A12C135h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 6268C930h
sub     eax, 59D977A1h
xor     eax, 9245759Eh
xor     eax, 0B9D45786h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AB58744Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 15B504E7h
xor     eax, 88CAF274h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 7AC5F0A2h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C681831Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 16283AF9h
add     eax, 9FF2FBEFh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0CCC01534h
xor     eax, 644EA8F6h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 887E9304h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F3B27429h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0CA6DC08Dh
xor     eax, 65EC9BE7h
sub     eax, 59228A5Bh
xor     eax, 0CB599A38h
sub     eax, 0E1FFC1ECh
xor     eax, 7FE730C8h
add     eax, 8A6E7FEDh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 943126F4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0CEC10C96h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 478C2B1Eh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 69EC1938h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4BAABCB6h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0FF6DBC88h
xor     eax, 0FBF27884h
sub     eax, 5B70DAC3h
sub     eax, 0DA26200Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FC51EA26h
sub     eax, 1E817F48h
sub     eax, 887C1A2Eh
xor     eax, 287D6518h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8CF0EDF4h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0D29881D1h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 1FEE5292h
sub     eax, 8F17C2BDh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 29EF6C11h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0C5304960h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 6B4837B2h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0C42FAA77h
not     eax
add     eax, 6AE64C54h
xor     eax, 39188327h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0F063B37Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 50536263h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 28E67621h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BF28A1D8h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 385B3401h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E251A763h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8085214Dh
xor     eax, 607FB69Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0AD9C31B7h
sub     eax, 0EBF8E9FAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 8F97D31Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0F830AFB9h
sub     eax, 8B7722E1h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 1D07C13Ch
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 5ED254D2h
xor     eax, 4F6D4D94h
sub     eax, 2851D288h
xor     eax, 7E6F003Bh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0F020C1EEh
xor     eax, 0B7471415h
sub     eax, 1B734DAFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 1418184Fh
sub     eax, 0E33318D1h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 631716C6h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 1D3081FAh
xor     eax, 6700ADECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 40EED7F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C193E4E3h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0CD93AFAEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0DA92DF61h
sub     eax, 313C7BCEh
sub     eax, 440AAC7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 24B441D9h
add     eax, 0F65EF931h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 6247EAF0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B5BDEEEFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3BCEB118h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6FFB79C4h
xor     eax, 0F2AA6154h
sub     eax, 0D406B48Fh
xor     eax, 0AF435FF6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2EF4553Ah
sub     eax, 438363CCh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 74466853h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 5881AC22h
xor     eax, 0A20A1439h
sub     eax, 91316D72h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F5BC594Fh
add     eax, 6F465858h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E706CCB2h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 36AFB904h
sub     eax, 403B7151h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 59CEAB4Ch
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 6ECA82E6h
xor     eax, 0B166AD9Dh
xor     eax, 0A30577EEh
add     eax, 557FBADFh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C2B54EBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A974EF43h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 3C71215Dh
xor     eax, 9F6F6C61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 445EBF42h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 95E36BC9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0D36BABACh
xor     eax, 1E4E39A6h
sub     eax, 0D2E42E93h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0F9A85419h
sub     eax, 9394F1F6h
add     eax, 0E6F147D3h
xor     eax, 0C0C6D71Eh
sub     eax, 5795A729h
sub     eax, 8514B710h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0D444BC4Fh
xor     eax, 0CD4D59C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 41271178h
xor     eax, 8D1BBC8Eh
add     eax, 0A099AC14h
add     eax, 0D7B5C738h
add     eax, 4D2CCEDAh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 96632FEAh
xor     eax, 27E0399Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 20BD4894h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0C2315129h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 8EE0CFD5h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CF101232h
add     eax, 0BAEFB2F3h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 1E7E31DDh
xor     eax, 8BD15174h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0A8CB718Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E456C730h
add     eax, 20531CF5h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0EBC8ED93h
not     eax
sub     eax, 457B0C3Dh
sub     eax, 0E5999E1Ch
add     eax, 2A8A8240h
sub     eax, 0E71050D5h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 16FDD6B7h
add     eax, 0BBCC23CFh
add     eax, 0A253493Dh
sub     eax, 9F67D2D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C8D74AD6h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0D12BF78Ah
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 0E0E62051h
xor     eax, 0B6C9A1CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3B42F33h
add     eax, 82ACC1AEh
sub     eax, 497B4BA5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FF786496h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 97363A16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CDFCC8CCh
xor     eax, 32967C9Ch
sub     eax, 0DEE8AD85h
xor     eax, 8126D899h
not     eax
add     eax, 3C18F86Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0F27FE04Bh
add     eax, 3B9DAFCDh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0E3684873h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0FFDF0F29h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 6ABED657h
sub     eax, 0AC2B53AEh
sub     eax, 0B7E09824h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7F68D9E1h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BBDFDCDAh
sub     eax, 7F952111h
xor     eax, 410012B0h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 9171681Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8A0189C8h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0F6084696h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0AE71CEACh
add     eax, 0B2E96B5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C693E0ACh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8EAF35C6h
xor     eax, 0F9DC4FD7h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0DCEAEABAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B9BD7B53h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 28C0370Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 9D5A59EBh
add     eax, 0C36D5698h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0F5BD22A9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D1F53A8Dh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CA5C8D18h
xor     eax, 0F6778FEBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 26400E2Bh
add     eax, 7CB67668h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A983A94Ch
xor     eax, 6D1A2CB1h
sub     eax, 7A641374h
sub     eax, 0DF34CC41h
sub     eax, 0E5FC273Dh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0B065DAD9h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0EF3FC1C2h
sub     eax, 0A8CEAF23h
add     eax, 1977095Ch
add     eax, 0C8409C4Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0BCCFE3E6h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 90F4E58Bh
xor     eax, 0D961958Ah
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 4069FA28h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0E9691E56h
xor     eax, 0B8E7DA4Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D01EB41Eh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0CB0B908Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 1618205Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 61EF00BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 258C6319h
xor     eax, 64B1C26Ch
sub     eax, 519BBB8Fh
sub     eax, 0BA5974D3h
add     eax, 0C5773FDFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EFFA44AAh
xor     eax, 0FF4CD479h
add     eax, 9FA1E61Ah
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 53EEC367h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 6E5C3C94h
xor     eax, 0EEDE0CB1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 5DE156B3h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0F65A0FC0h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 717D9F65h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0B7BC5F48h
xor     eax, 395F793Dh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0EF1B3581h
sub     eax, 7F8867DDh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 85F9F062h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 199FA92Ch
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 19662409h
sub     eax, 0E28B8162h
xor     eax, 0B9045777h
xor     eax, 1275279Eh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 1A99EA67h
xor     eax, 545AD26Eh
xor     eax, 16C276C7h
xor     eax, 0C1EC7F46h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 21FAFCFBh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0DF354108h
sub     eax, 0D3CDD4FBh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 71398874h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 9FB107A1h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 2DA61256h
xor     eax, 68F234E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C82819F3h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 89C815E0h
sub     eax, 1F34134Ah
add     eax, 226087BCh
sub     eax, 13EC7132h
add     eax, 0A54B2DC9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 422B8094h
xor     eax, 6F1091D8h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0E8C38F3Ah
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BFD8D1CBh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 37E185D9h
xor     eax, 0D0B06C76h
sub     eax, 0A40E5FF1h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0CBD338FCh
xor     eax, 0CA21D042h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 23978E54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C1289190h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 92C0DDDBh
sub     eax, 68DCF9A8h
add     eax, 60FBADA1h
add     eax, 0DAD87285h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CEFA5571h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FB09F0C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 55B7CD32h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9AF36890h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 9A5DBA61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 823C95ACh
sub     eax, 5D3B19E7h
xor     eax, 64E855C4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 52FA28EAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B28AC27Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0F04F9C1Bh
sub     eax, 6D2103A6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FE421709h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0E6E21B0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0B1C533B4h
xor     eax, 36F0CD02h
xor     eax, 3F0203D5h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 3050F8A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2DA9F863h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F4FCAA69h
sub     eax, 0EB38B4F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 26EAB4A1h
sub     eax, 195498E7h
sub     eax, 0A40156B6h
sub     eax, 0EDA8A4AEh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 3BBAE88Dh
add     eax, 83F9B56Eh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 758AC29Ah
xor     eax, 5313D0C5h
sub     eax, 0E521729Fh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 8FEC5068h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0AFDB6AF0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F7F784A1h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC081DE1h
sub     eax, 4879A710h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0AF1BCB19h
add     eax, 0D4FF6448h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F25045E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F44E8F17h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0A9803F27h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0AC57FF90h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BE0D71BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0D6F3EE23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0EFAA5780h
add     eax, 812791E2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B3FFA76Bh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F173A2ECh
xor     eax, 9FE844DBh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 7ADBE5C9h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EC774624h
add     eax, 5EA64CCBh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0CD922EFEh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0C4CC8C11h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 8DD6DA94h
sub     eax, 95D5B17Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 9B228983h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0A32BA5D8h
sub     eax, 9B9AD249h
add     eax, 0D173AC2Ch
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DAF392FBh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0ACFB9365h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 5A5979AFh
xor     eax, 6F5059EDh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B6FACB1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C7B38B74h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 989E63C9h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 499DC594h
xor     eax, 0F6692819h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6E1E0A61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 1ABDBD83h
xor     eax, 9A6CC138h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 976790ADh
not     eax
add     eax, 7BC2C7EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9F39927Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A6CCF3DBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0EE4D4E05h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 9B7812A9h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9BB96BFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 2A95D66Bh
sub     eax, 0C3ECDBE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BA3CDCB4h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0C2D76A68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0FD2A67BBh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 93191ABEh
add     eax, 787C965Ah
sub     eax, 0C2DFEE81h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0B9089C61h
not     eax
add     eax, 50A37591h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0A7A47542h
sub     eax, 0A58AFD81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 87CFFD5Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BFE588FBh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 7CCC9DAAh
xor     eax, 671EE43Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F4340FE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B8A7CDAh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 1684DDDFh
xor     eax, 7C6B02ADh
sub     eax, 0D9F30259h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 29DD1015h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 26344EA0h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0FAD19AAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C91ED15Dh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BE9ABF81h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 3F858B38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 6F2D1730h
xor     eax, 64958EB9h
sub     eax, 0BC88AD1Bh
add     eax, 4E32D9BCh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0A16CDF34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 433517EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C4765CB3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 1C96CC11h
sub     eax, 1ADD3B4Dh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 229DE528h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 74C2B570h
sub     eax, 81E0DD6Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 83F9F238h
add     eax, 5DF62B04h
xor     eax, 9C3500B0h
add     eax, 0B88622BDh
xor     eax, 7331857Bh
sub     eax, 98DC363Bh
xor     eax, 27395E9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 6159F0C1h
add     eax, 0BC1FFF38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5F99831Ch
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 38C340A8h
sub     eax, 4C5D15DBh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E9106468h
xor     eax, 498EAB5Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1A207C96h
add     eax, 81477752h
add     eax, 0CE453ED2h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0E0F8D7A1h
sub     eax, 942F5879h
sub     eax, 666F40CFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1F862853h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 63CA6672h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E1123549h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0A036FC03h
sub     eax, 0CAC5F09Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 23F8D238h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 813893A6h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0D12C81FFh
xor     eax, 0A0D5B913h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0B3149B31h
sub     eax, 8D78EE03h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6B5ED86Dh
add     eax, 0F4B81338h
sub     eax, 996B70B8h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 89FE6986h
add     eax, 1B9856BBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0C4EE1B8Ah
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0EFA5D40Ah
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 6CBF6B1Eh
xor     eax, 0E04C2F9Ch
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 125262A4h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0D3382202h
add     eax, 0B8837017h
xor     eax, 3275BB0Dh
xor     eax, 229EA996h
add     eax, 0B11BB8B0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3916658Fh
add     eax, 0F76F7D5Eh
add     eax, 606BE11Bh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0A6F00394h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6D06FE3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0A033C0E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 25C2E480h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 18EF57A2h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0A97736EDh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 9B16C45Bh
sub     eax, 8ABC953Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 14B1F446h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0D0B460A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 480654DFh
xor     eax, 0CF655456h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4746142Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 7409F2BCh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 6BD04E83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0E8EA7F2Dh
xor     eax, 916BDD10h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 2B62856Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 9A086ADDh
add     eax, 0F7E5536Eh
sub     eax, 301E42E8h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 76A785D6h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E62C44F5h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0D9E0D765h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D4D191A5h
add     eax, 50D832EFh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 4FDB4008h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0B0930F61h
add     eax, 8F009895h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0F82E586Bh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0EB734D10h
add     eax, 9B98800Dh
sub     eax, 598011C1h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 1DCB4528h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 18E60CB5h
xor     eax, 0CBD8BA99h
xor     eax, 0A63D5E85h
sub     eax, 0E0B2C460h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5CB2312Ah
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 80B7A597h
xor     eax, 8604F047h
sub     eax, 0E138AB10h
sub     eax, 0DE1FE09Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2699F648h
xor     eax, 0CCC52F11h
sub     eax, 2E516504h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0E3572581h
xor     eax, 0DA63298Ah
add     eax, 920D1C82h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 54D1A2A4h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 980EA953h
xor     eax, 621716BFh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 754C7A40h
add     eax, 0C18694B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 6DFDA7B8h
xor     eax, 6DBCEB94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 833FC864h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 24BC7501h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4CB910C7h
add     eax, 0B498BB69h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 54374BA6h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0D3D72CEFh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 347A875Dh
sub     eax, 9B145D91h
add     eax, 5E5B0DFEh
add     eax, 0B551E176h
not     eax
sub     eax, 794D14CEh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0A6DEB580h
sub     eax, 0BA879A05h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0FD04D873h
not     eax
sub     eax, 35EC3B53h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 211816E1h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A4FE7070h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 68DD744Eh
sub     eax, 6C1E94E9h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 8B30F397h
xor     eax, 294423DEh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 178D13C3h
sub     eax, 0C4C1537Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 75DE8C95h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0FC9E5443h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0F6248DB9h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C41171C4h
sub     eax, 5EB67A6Ah
xor     eax, 9A94D516h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 37D50ADDh
add     eax, 0CE53140Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C2E05C20h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EEF2321Ch
xor     eax, 500FB14Bh
add     eax, 0A157DFE0h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 4F5FF1D9h
sub     eax, 87011CBCh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 8BE4D430h
add     eax, 5E6EDBA0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 31F4B5A6h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 3CA0068Fh
xor     eax, 1CEC2822h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 53532B18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0DB1E377Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9A300320h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 92731909h
sub     eax, 0F4B9D774h
sub     eax, 8D0180E1h
sub     eax, 2B411343h
xor     eax, 3175CDEBh
add     eax, 2DAD93FCh
sub     eax, 0DFFE8B08h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0D66AEACCh
add     eax, 92588F1Bh
sub     eax, 35BC0FD7h
add     eax, 0F2A6C699h
add     eax, 0B4BD51B1h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 5066EF4Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 5E2DD4D2h
add     eax, 5CFED74Dh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 7468DD69h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0FA9EC532h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0A6FAAC21h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F8789289h
sub     eax, 0D11EE9BBh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 6E26A79Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0C0BE667Eh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F49FDC9Dh
add     eax, 0F632C0CBh
xor     eax, 0B4A09177h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6849AEDAh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0FA7045C5h
sub     eax, 9CEB1D44h
xor     eax, 356E4716h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 87497A8Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 51982868h
sub     eax, 0BD3C8F31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C1FCE4DDh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 350E49E8h
sub     eax, 1DAA1DAAh
sub     eax, 0FE7EC8AAh
not     eax
add     eax, 4B035BDCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D9D97D55h
add     eax, 5D24AF28h
add     eax, 3B7A1FE0h
add     eax, 8FE0E19Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0C54AD1EFh
xor     eax, 9CFF654Bh
xor     eax, 0D06165ECh
sub     eax, 6E931AA3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 367D6CDEh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0AD2886D4h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0E7D6A9EBh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DB335005h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 86D495DAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E12767A9h
sub     eax, 0C6792122h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 8F112677h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0AC338BB6h
sub     eax, 0ADA4B69Dh
sub     eax, 4E6E9A75h
sub     eax, 2E0146F6h
not     eax
add     eax, 7458C1EBh
sub     eax, 5DE0D23Eh
add     eax, 0DD9A0D9Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D1960323h
xor     eax, 0C579D54Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 364932EDh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0D51E0417h
add     eax, 2926D96Dh
sub     eax, 7F56A873h
not     eax
add     eax, 1FA1413Bh
add     eax, 0EBBE0231h
xor     eax, 0E28187EDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 82BFCBDBh
sub     eax, 81E4D52Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 7DA44E3Bh
xor     eax, 1EA26A1Bh
add     eax, 7CEF7FD3h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0A43AD502h
sub     eax, 6335CA65h
xor     eax, 0F62A7172h
add     eax, 8E777D33h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0C1E933BFh
xor     eax, 614A51BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CC4E94ABh
xor     eax, 15BA72C7h
add     eax, 0EAAB2D21h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AC91CED9h
sub     eax, 82471B54h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 7057F3D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0E8E1CD64h
sub     eax, 9691A5A6h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 9CB29E7Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A06D15B5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 73C8583Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EACA314Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C744A604h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 234378D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D3BB8387h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8CF2A5FEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 59215C5Eh
add     eax, 0B69E3C60h
sub     eax, 0EC3D1FB5h
xor     eax, 8D52B9C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D0F77479h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3AF2DC96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A5014DE4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CF221E6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 127F174Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 34C27786h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BFF1AE95h
xor     eax, 3F720E9Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 2F34587Fh
sub     eax, 5FBED769h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B1533691h
add     eax, 6B756BD7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 2D242BDCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 33501D0Ch
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0FDE758FCh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5AD147BCh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 7A52C052h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 9813B228h
sub     eax, 7F4AAAD3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0F6A846ACh
xor     eax, 0B3BD78CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0BFF168C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0CE45AC4Ah
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 7B60633Eh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0B56B83DCh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8CD97471h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 90FA3BAAh
add     eax, 0B44B1BE1h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0E49518D1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7D85E4C6h
xor     eax, 2A1110A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 35E1AF9Bh
sub     eax, 0A9DE521Eh
xor     eax, 0F73ECABAh
add     eax, 0DAEADABEh
add     eax, 63C47D37h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5D44B200h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1F1E2FA6h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 17CE2F2Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0AB53834Fh
xor     eax, 0A0462394h
xor     eax, 6BC685DEh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 4439C48Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AB8C859Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4E9539A8h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 1BE3BFA4h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 49F36E53h
not     eax
xor     eax, 47544331h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 5615D2D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 3AB5F905h
sub     eax, 4263619Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EC5D71CEh
add     eax, 0C9914174h
add     eax, 44C55966h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 5C96EE8Ah
sub     eax, 7ADA3590h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FEBDDA14h
sub     eax, 6437C4EFh
sub     eax, 223C4AC3h
add     eax, 695894DEh
add     eax, 0C8194262h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0FF03F336h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CB19C8B5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 5857EA08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 6BFA3E24h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 1B47159Ch
xor     eax, 2B3171EAh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C845843Bh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0EA72A924h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DBE46695h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 91AEAB4Dh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0EEC2B19Eh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 4E5373BEh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 9DBD835Ch
xor     eax, 6C05E7A3h
add     eax, 0F937B98Fh
add     eax, 48DD01CFh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 7A2E297Ch
add     eax, 0AD5A47B1h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0F7D14481h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0BEE3805Bh
sub     eax, 0CCC96911h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 326A09B6h
xor     eax, 8304645Bh
sub     eax, 0A5AE4341h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4548D742h
xor     eax, 0E3547DA8h
xor     eax, 0CE040C99h
add     eax, 23D1594Eh
xor     eax, 10A99465h
sub     eax, 2C0E15D0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7E352125h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F7E3ED8Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0A2A76E07h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0F4CB62C1h
add     eax, 0DE1132FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 72CBDA0Dh
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EE4DCC62h
sub     eax, 7DD68471h
xor     eax, 7C6893F2h
xor     eax, 0D4AF7C12h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 2AEDB83Fh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 36B60BD2h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 39BDAD8Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 92ED9F58h
add     eax, 2E8A5B27h
add     eax, 95D1A210h
add     eax, 1DAD6836h
xor     eax, 2AF95A75h
add     eax, 0ABF96CF8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FA17649Dh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DD1C1ADAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 9C4EB3ECh
sub     eax, 0EECA5EF3h
add     eax, 80772B47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7CAC6F56h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F1B0EECAh
xor     eax, 0C82D690Ch
add     eax, 0A5C818FFh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 45621ADCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A64015B7h
add     eax, 2F01564Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0F9D56C36h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 786602C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 22904211h
xor     eax, 2BFC4D54h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 705AFAAFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0ABC960C7h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E5F39AE7h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 8098DDF6h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 970DF542h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F109864Dh
xor     eax, 0A1FF91BEh
add     eax, 3FAA3541h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 8A5D4176h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 5D64137Bh
sub     eax, 0DF842258h
sub     eax, 0DC437DBCh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 1DDE63AEh
sub     eax, 0B736CD81h
add     eax, 7F317D8Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0A94AE0B0h
sub     eax, 83C935FEh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 7838FABBh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E355AE22h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 6FA2817Ah
add     eax, 2F0590F1h
sub     eax, 0C2B53AD6h
xor     eax, 80EC4991h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D8EA77F1h
add     eax, 4B7D44A3h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 78663095h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 572C999Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 372962E8h
add     eax, 621320C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 64683DD3h
sub     eax, 0C07A96FCh
xor     eax, 576EC422h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 75568F3Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0DA24E523h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0BB586B23h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 58DBC676h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 88FC0908h
xor     eax, 81841862h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0CB6F48B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 30120294h
sub     eax, 0B0AEE5B6h
sub     eax, 0FB472592h
add     eax, 6FA92709h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0D30E6826h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C58E279Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 52318A00h
xor     eax, 9400A643h
sub     eax, 83B11263h
sub     eax, 0C8B3FAF9h
sub     eax, 0C496B179h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 6D87F4C2h
add     eax, 61029693h
add     eax, 0F636EFE0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 53553DFFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8A01C7E3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FC6CFD7Bh
add     eax, 0A9499616h
add     eax, 4960EE4Fh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 6BEA6147h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 76D2EC2Dh
xor     eax, 0EB8030F6h
add     eax, 0E9C50DD0h
add     eax, 68B40017h
add     eax, 0AAE2FA3Dh
sub     eax, 8B1FE58Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 95E06747h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 91AC6903h
sub     eax, 0A5394E7Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 81A3545Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7396CF50h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 587622E6h
sub     eax, 8F52C589h
xor     eax, 73A83E3Ah
xor     eax, 4FDA9EA7h
sub     eax, 3CF56A2Eh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 98C27C3Ch
add     eax, 46742D45h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 698E47BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F1F4DAE1h
xor     eax, 6663D2E3h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C8523974h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0A2FE90D4h
add     eax, 0C15CC1D8h
add     eax, 29C6CB9Bh
xor     eax, 0F0738BD8h
sub     eax, 8B2F7626h
xor     eax, 6FCB5FA3h
add     eax, 17A640CCh
add     eax, 382EFF1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7C02D695h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0D158456Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 9D688FB5h
xor     eax, 9032E1D8h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 6669BB48h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 5E9679A7h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 68E7A8B0h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 4501844Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4DA9D29Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 84212876h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 213F0960h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0ACBF5A80h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 434C2C5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 9A675DC1h
add     eax, 8041A523h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C2C996C1h
xor     eax, 1E8CB3B7h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 527A6AEEh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 8D651F65h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 7ED6480Ch
xor     eax, 0B97942A8h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 406E8466h
xor     eax, 0D8C5F405h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E2FEF48Bh
xor     eax, 0B077F24Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7B07F0B9h
sub     eax, 6B68898Bh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 87E3E280h
add     eax, 35D597B7h
add     eax, 1449A21Ch
add     eax, 7907D917h
xor     eax, 0AAC5CAF8h
sub     eax, 0EB3689EAh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0A4F6046Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 21060C80h
sub     eax, 0AA223E7Dh
xor     eax, 49ABE345h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5A103A8Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 1C061270h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 882F342Eh
add     eax, 0DF9E7FB6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 6702E4E2h
sub     eax, 1962AF85h
sub     eax, 0C144BA84h
xor     eax, 0E87F586Fh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 11F16F0Bh
add     eax, 605A937Ch
xor     eax, 5F972D84h
sub     eax, 76E81049h
add     eax, 2EE4C142h
sub     eax, 0F24B98C2h
add     eax, 2ED64CD2h
add     eax, 436E71BFh
sub     eax, 677573EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 4DB8C2A8h
sub     eax, 0E27D212Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0CAC375AFh
sub     eax, 5A95F0B4h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 9B08D6D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A179182Bh
xor     eax, 0D44DD944h
xor     eax, 565ABAA2h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 760EC270h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B87AC85Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B7D1CABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F2615D23h
add     eax, 0B140D421h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F200EE1Ah
xor     eax, 0FD0B6F4Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DE31B985h
xor     eax, 0DC8229BDh
add     eax, 93B1C24Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F20B19F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 18B5C186h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CF755747h
xor     eax, 72F33DAEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FBFC40B0h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 254ECA63h
xor     eax, 141732D2h
add     eax, 3D1D0392h
sub     eax, 0E34F9F4Ch
xor     eax, 40A0ED3Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0DCCE3266h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0FB1AC643h
xor     eax, 6ADDC52Ah
xor     eax, 766D2BEEh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 146549E7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5993E58Bh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 91887D88h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0ACB46EF0h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 33271D54h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 484D13BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C7BC1731h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2ABF05C1h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AEF5C10Ah
xor     eax, 9D740C81h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 560FFE9Dh
sub     eax, 0DA74E61Fh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0C586E4C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 53F92AEEh
xor     eax, 8517B9CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E6BC3A79h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 63BD15B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D5DA49B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 78AF8E77h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0CB91114Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 628A1750h
not     eax
sub     eax, 474F5775h
xor     eax, 0B32FCABAh
xor     eax, 42ACCC61h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B0B8283Dh
add     eax, 5840336Eh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 525A52C7h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 0EF578627h
xor     eax, 0FDE8C457h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2625FB56h
xor     eax, 8AC8D0BFh
sub     eax, 0F785063Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 548CA1F2h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 477BA67Ch
sub     eax, 61392C61h
add     eax, 98577434h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F4892689h
sub     eax, 916C7FE7h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 239A2911h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0BC34EE7Ah
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 2FFE001Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C65F05D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8FE31D5Eh
sub     eax, 681EB51Ah
xor     eax, 0E663D773h
add     eax, 0BDE94982h
xor     eax, 7D552C65h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0FCCF86E9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 80515FC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C62C47CEh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0FE344F8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7692EBF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 6AEE3EE0h
sub     eax, 8C5FEE55h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FD1CB830h
xor     eax, 0A845BC52h
add     eax, 87E0A47Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0C41207EDh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 3874307Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0FDEA53F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 884AC686h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 94F023B1h
sub     eax, 0CE3D7E74h
xor     eax, 58D44B6Eh
sub     eax, 0FAEC54E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4C8148A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 304E6A87h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 8232B923h
add     eax, 0C1FF8759h
xor     eax, 48695EBEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6D764637h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0DB9A2CF1h
add     eax, 6CF0D0A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A18ADD79h
add     eax, 0AB17169Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1BEBA74Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0AB8221E8h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 8B5616CAh
sub     eax, 0BC997349h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0B01EE6B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 84802C1Eh
sub     eax, 26F7111Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0F8488A23h
add     eax, 553B0DB4h
sub     eax, 0E2A34E7Eh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 40343CA1h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 55D74018h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0CAB48885h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F557B0A7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B73C230Ch
sub     eax, 0DB140B7Dh
add     eax, 4D0712D8h
xor     eax, 13D20A75h
sub     eax, 26A8753Ah
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 235BA182h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 284E5BCEh
add     eax, 977A6F61h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 57611ED8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 346EE786h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2C7DB5C8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7C0DE77Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 442199B5h
xor     eax, 0A4F26EA6h
xor     eax, 2D489C3Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0BFAF3906h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 7B2534FFh
xor     eax, 0F130CCF1h
xor     eax, 0F0CCABECh
xor     eax, 3DF406D9h
add     eax, 5D73C80Eh
add     eax, 0E70CF5ECh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0A99E6DB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A4DA3D2Fh
xor     eax, 2F806677h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0F5F549E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7D6F9E1Bh
xor     eax, 5483D038h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0FE31B5E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C61E290Ah
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 571D545Ch
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 28911C82h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0BDF33084h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1C7A55AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 18B1F671h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 9BF7C51Dh
xor     eax, 0BA164CAEh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0F4339156h
add     eax, 715F01C8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8CC1ACD9h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 45430705h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5DC0435Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0C7841F80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 520B608Eh
sub     eax, 4AD0844Bh
sub     eax, 0AAB28536h
sub     eax, 30573CDBh
not     eax
add     eax, 3083D53Dh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0D469B43Fh
sub     eax, 911E5577h
add     eax, 7E6F7D9Dh
add     eax, 47EA05E0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BB9AAD2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F653C834h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 170CA32Fh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AEC7FF90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BDED6E2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 17CF64CEh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0DE96F4B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9CB4D97Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5F8A7905h
xor     eax, 2C41CAF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0A579BF3Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 532B258Ah
add     eax, 0D0BED39Eh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0CBFAF6E5h
xor     eax, 0B1A517B3h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0F749AEEDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CC91B0B7h
xor     eax, 0E1339BAFh
add     eax, 41C18140h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 74F6D3B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 783C9DBFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D868B910h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 16FCE00Ch
xor     eax, 633D75C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BBCB5DA6h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 15DAC40Dh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EEC24A96h
sub     eax, 91BEAF9Fh
add     eax, 641B22D7h
xor     eax, 2F0D6B35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F4EEA290h
add     eax, 0F2C66CD6h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 699D2E9Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 17C2E693h
sub     eax, 0A76F7678h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E17EB1E8h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 116CA3D2h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 526A1E5Ah
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 1A74A5BFh
sub     eax, 1BFB3F24h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5F0E7184h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C794571Ch
xor     eax, 0EC2EE065h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FA5D7D8Bh
sub     eax, 0E6CBF4A7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 0A6CC9A1Fh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 68B85496h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0AF55143Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6FBE21DAh
add     eax, 916325F1h
add     eax, 782CC750h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 9DDD19AFh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 8CEBE5CDh
add     eax, 3ADE3034h
add     eax, 1FE3380Dh
sub     eax, 0C935FA7Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 3146C92Bh
add     eax, 82E26888h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 8B8A1E64h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 58F7B57Bh
sub     eax, 44FC19D1h
add     eax, 203643B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D9BD79EDh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 22D59BE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 3374BBDFh
xor     eax, 0E61D29CFh
sub     eax, 0F23CF0ADh
add     eax, 8AF3F984h
add     eax, 8CCD7236h
xor     eax, 2B3B640Fh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 48E3D31Ah
xor     eax, 0D6BDC295h
add     eax, 0DBF14F0Fh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 14857D2Eh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0F6301C8Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8E004457h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8F35B6D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6072A0ACh
sub     eax, 9CDBABF2h
sub     eax, 7003B9C0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AB9C9C69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E9100C41h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 44B479FFh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 81B8AF3Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 90EC0482h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0F7BCD531h
add     eax, 0F4BAA192h
add     eax, 28DFCE3Eh
xor     eax, 64C13ACFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A5E4B85Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 9A3994CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C825B166h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F793A7ABh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8FD75AAEh
not     eax
add     eax, 9C21EA19h
sub     eax, 51C4F4FCh
sub     eax, 0AA4AF11Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 9EAC3513h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 84639D9Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 92D7EEC2h
add     eax, 60790BEFh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 19A6FDA9h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 6D268038h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 586D88C5h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 478CBAFDh
xor     eax, 0FFAAF99Bh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 985D3627h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E81FB63Fh
add     eax, 7CF4AF1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0C79418DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 35ED8306h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 7ED48F9Bh
add     eax, 2E26285Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BF38826Dh
add     eax, 1945588Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E50F0DB1h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 7DAA9190h
sub     eax, 61A2EB85h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 60786F57h
add     eax, 2D551F4Ch
xor     eax, 0FBF03939h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0A0297726h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C271E55Dh
add     eax, 884EB80Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 3C115A13h
sub     eax, 0BA1DD35Eh
xor     eax, 0E583198Ch
add     eax, 8767D9F2h
xor     eax, 5517E658h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 6C727B4Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 1DA03EACh
not     eax
xor     eax, 96A02058h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7B8D4C13h
xor     eax, 923BEDA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 212CB3F2h
xor     eax, 0E8B03842h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 1DDD9B90h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C252FA07h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0C64B57BBh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B35B414Ah
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F48C5FB6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8BBBC670h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5D984755h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C59B3984h
xor     eax, 8180832Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 225BAB3Ch
add     eax, 5AA0AFB8h
sub     eax, 0CACA23EAh
xor     eax, 0D912883Dh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 1E665E20h
sub     eax, 0F43B689Bh
sub     eax, 51575E3Ch
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0F80A2EAFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6989E28Dh
xor     eax, 0AD318E33h
add     eax, 9FDB5BB6h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 8EEC78D9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 15DF9D00h
xor     eax, 4F94D1F9h
xor     eax, 5A5FFB09h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 694CCA2Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 20F924C8h
sub     eax, 0E2D2E255h
xor     eax, 0E7460723h
sub     eax, 8D593880h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3EEAFC28h
add     eax, 0A150E35Bh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0CC9558BCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0D9EA4466h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0D87D66CFh
xor     eax, 0FDA51068h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 84D2FF5Eh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FFBD16E6h
sub     eax, 1E239A67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8C8EA2E1h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 94A3665Ah
sub     eax, 0CC9F0D40h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C3B34B7Ah
sub     eax, 0D99CFB1Ah
xor     eax, 0B1225831h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D5E1EC80h
sub     eax, 6F4E7760h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AB9379DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E872250Dh
xor     eax, 88F518DFh
add     eax, 46F49697h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 227B0F11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8888FA3Dh
sub     eax, 0C562E9E8h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0F30BB0BCh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 5887459Bh
xor     eax, 1B2FD4F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4DF33E57h
sub     eax, 675E78A8h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 96CD399Ah
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0D37ADF47h
xor     eax, 0E26534F8h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 45F80E9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 34221A66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 8FFC7798h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 81397441h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 58F16893h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0A1122F1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 38021F41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AA9FAB55h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CB7F476Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BBEF4AB7h
sub     eax, 4816CE72h
add     eax, 0CC67AB86h
not     eax
add     eax, 2B340A88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0E60EBBA8h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2CD10C93h
add     eax, 0D8A3176Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BDB1583Ah
xor     eax, 8EB528D0h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 61C0ED1Bh
xor     eax, 24B63354h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 40550EB5h
add     eax, 0E1AD0DC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CD0B242Ah
sub     eax, 30042252h
xor     eax, 1D1B9CC7h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0C84E8696h
add     eax, 0E341EAF8h
sub     eax, 3827BCF9h
add     eax, 872F97ABh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 9CF3A938h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0A76D7204h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D98061C3h
add     eax, 0BB3C30DAh
sub     eax, 55AB4F68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A0263772h
add     eax, 0AE287C87h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 7B67545Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 7CC09D6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 4C78A852h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B22A5868h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 8F0DAC41h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 76144971h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 585F4BF0h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 4635455Dh
xor     eax, 425BD671h
xor     eax, 0D10DBEE4h
sub     eax, 0D12F8C1Bh
xor     eax, 6CADBB5Fh
sub     eax, 0EFD7B374h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0D7E91444h
sub     eax, 0EDC234A1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 77F273AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 65C1DDDCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 15FAFB7Fh
xor     eax, 7829268Ch
sub     eax, 486974F5h
add     eax, 0F56A75FDh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 7F88A9B9h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 6BAE6240h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9C2AFFF1h
add     eax, 0F3B4C6D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 767C3C3Ah
add     eax, 26B5CCFEh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0C56B460Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1F44E77Fh
add     eax, 0F8270E75h
add     eax, 4D3130B6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B9D48126h
sub     eax, 5BC175D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DCD89EB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B56C955Eh
sub     eax, 63C0F478h
add     eax, 0DCBBDC76h
add     eax, 0EDCD2CCFh
add     eax, 8C073580h
xor     eax, 0BA5ADE57h
xor     eax, 0C81EDEB8h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 79058EEFh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1164071Fh
sub     eax, 6E9E86C1h
sub     eax, 114477B3h
xor     eax, 0D3C7A8DAh
add     eax, 21F49CDFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 600C8347h
add     eax, 952BAC71h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 4CB50F2Eh
xor     eax, 0F6D5421Ch
sub     eax, 62183410h
add     eax, 1107870Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3717D0DCh
xor     eax, 3BC0A771h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CA6AD7CAh
sub     eax, 5D933327h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 16013718h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 1E28F64Dh
sub     eax, 0A2173DE7h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 54C6B92Fh
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0AD7F60D2h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 877F6927h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7C9CD70Dh
xor     eax, 0B47D332Bh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 600D0545h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FA81D02Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 2769864Eh
xor     eax, 35EDF67Fh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 71530573h
sub     eax, 130524FAh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 3DAC1FBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F44720CEh
xor     eax, 6AD368C0h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0BFD2012Ch
xor     eax, 4A11E6CDh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 903D2EBAh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0F8586B34h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E220B31Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 56FAD356h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 341E1440h
add     eax, 0BC3E2D0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0A8F37D97h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0A44C8F5Bh
sub     eax, 612A0905h
add     eax, 70E7BB2Ah
xor     eax, 3511B354h
sub     eax, 28475EF9h
xor     eax, 45728EAEh
not     eax
add     eax, 3DE7CB7Fh
xor     eax, 42A353B1h
xor     eax, 2B6A852Eh
xor     eax, 8AEFF8E2h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8C0BD24Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6ED58BC5h
sub     eax, 82FC877Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 712A7777h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8ECDCB80h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 3F2F2A89h
add     eax, 5BD90684h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 84F5EE3Fh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 12606654h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 7B971A39h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 847D14FCh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 51355A7Bh
xor     eax, 821C9AD1h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 40A3F856h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 25FB5452h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B0C57D3Bh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 18D77B4Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 15CDD7E5h
sub     eax, 587F0A0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0CD092691h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FFF9BD61h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0D2FCA9E7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 182B7A80h
sub     eax, 0EB262FCDh
add     eax, 0BBDBFB16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 27067BEFh
xor     eax, 3AB8DA31h
sub     eax, 3174A169h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 36D601D0h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 4BE01DBAh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 21A6FBB2h
sub     eax, 3F1D9068h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0D8C83125h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 4D884B1Eh
add     eax, 0A6B67B58h
add     eax, 49C84567h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0E9016AA8h
xor     eax, 0CBDEE864h
xor     eax, 5352DF3Bh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0B265F5E9h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0CE2A9630h
sub     eax, 0B19663BFh
not     eax
add     eax, 44C477F6h
add     eax, 0C6DC13FBh
add     eax, 2771AA26h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0D06AF486h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0D5622436h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D63B7BAAh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0B6172F4Dh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EE18F8B1h
sub     eax, 7B4837A6h
sub     eax, 959E91A2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 67434ED9h
xor     eax, 0A20025BDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 25FBA3EEh
add     eax, 0B8472A48h
xor     eax, 35AB2922h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 4C7C74E2h
sub     eax, 0D83D620Ch
sub     eax, 741D03A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 46BC7B97h
add     eax, 0CD749BADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B94885FBh
sub     eax, 9410D8A7h
sub     eax, 9E389543h
sub     eax, 0BFC3AD29h
xor     eax, 86DBD88Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0A3F1C4FEh
not     eax
add     eax, 0ACD7589Dh
sub     eax, 0F68A15C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F7089C2Dh
add     eax, 0B61A01ABh
not     eax
sub     eax, 871FED37h
add     eax, 9A1EE786h
not     eax
sub     eax, 66E16E5Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2508C2ECh
add     eax, 0E8F727DAh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A581B13Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0EC8F5624h
xor     eax, 6E9A9A90h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 87908D50h
sub     eax, 0C818AA89h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AE5DFDA0h
xor     eax, 0A459FC78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BDD186ABh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F6975873h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FEE34499h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 1813E010h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0EC093EB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F294137Eh
xor     eax, 0D45ECC75h
sub     eax, 15F53E92h
xor     eax, 88E579A6h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0E5BE02A6h
add     eax, 44EAD607h
sub     eax, 68F8ED96h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0AC7099EFh
sub     eax, 5B0DE74Ch
sub     eax, 86DC9E62h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 19888FACh
xor     eax, 0F06683B4h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 3F32F6BFh
add     eax, 1002CA3Eh
add     eax, 0AF59C48Bh
xor     eax, 48458EDAh
add     eax, 0C9BB43B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 31D7878Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 8B70FD75h
sub     eax, 12E990C6h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 328EB517h
add     eax, 8DEFF2B8h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 56A64BC3h
add     eax, 1073CE41h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5ADF5ABFh
add     eax, 706273D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9FC3F775h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 34C6EEF3h
sub     eax, 201DC4FCh
xor     eax, 0B4F0AC6Ch
add     eax, 0FAFDA33Bh
add     eax, 5ADFB11Bh
xor     eax, 0DA1CF2FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9887AAB7h
add     eax, 0F0EF7A43h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B93714FEh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 7064C148h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 791FCDD5h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0BAB43442h
sub     eax, 644E7FFBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 939A32D5h
add     eax, 0D67FF223h
xor     eax, 0DF54927Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B82C4C06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F5B29203h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 8B579B4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0DF39ABE4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3D82672Fh
xor     eax, 1262C63Ch
sub     eax, 4FFFA0D3h
add     eax, 42F20DF4h
xor     eax, 5632D6D8h
add     eax, 3C853029h
sub     eax, 176D98BAh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2B8DFE1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8E9C7789h
sub     eax, 7D31ECA9h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 8211EACAh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D2B37E66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 38315EF1h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 32C6AC9Eh
sub     eax, 764D738Ah
xor     eax, 166D475Bh
add     eax, 8807ACD4h
sub     eax, 2B2C5E75h
sub     eax, 5A354F88h
add     eax, 4EBA93AAh
xor     eax, 9F660C91h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E6C649B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 85523F33h
sub     eax, 83B6829Fh
sub     eax, 0B362393Eh
add     eax, 263A5B39h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2A2E1B77h
xor     eax, 6AF7B121h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 21C557B6h
xor     eax, 84BFF1B5h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 8F2C45C7h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 1FA6425Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F12B7303h
add     eax, 30F67405h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 531AD83Bh
add     eax, 0E81AB3D1h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 35EF80CCh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0D269F9EDh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 5430E39Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 8453C601h
sub     eax, 567B5DEFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DF103040h
sub     eax, 74C85072h
xor     eax, 0C9D84EF6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5ACCA1A4h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 699298EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E0EE6E16h
xor     eax, 81293348h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 34323584h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0AE1E8F2Ah
xor     eax, 155D1129h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 8D84CC8Ch
add     eax, 0B95B9901h
add     eax, 72F0802Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0DF0F418Eh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0BDEFBA4Bh
sub     eax, 0C80FB353h
not     eax
xor     eax, 42B81DA9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0BE7C874Ah
sub     eax, 0C573ECD0h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0FD994754h
add     eax, 60600A7Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B0F7C57Fh
xor     eax, 5F7524E6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B61611B4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ED01D6CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 429D1FE4h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 749A14B4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A868FDF2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 187DBC2Ch
sub     eax, 6FE50D2Ah
add     eax, 0CFC43655h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0DB19CF2Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 59CC29BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FFABFCE6h
xor     eax, 7BB8B269h
sub     eax, 0A905EACAh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 4D4B83FFh
sub     eax, 2D2E331Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 8747399Bh
xor     eax, 0B6F44520h
sub     eax, 0F96D9CFBh
add     eax, 8E936967h
add     eax, 60D081C3h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F3FA71A7h
xor     eax, 0CA7FED14h
xor     eax, 6BBFF2BCh
sub     eax, 4FDAA113h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EDC8D8EDh
xor     eax, 0C7F09431h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0FE597BB8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 283C6364h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 538CDF22h
sub     eax, 753CB4E3h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 60A4E674h
add     eax, 20CBAA07h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9BDA1965h
xor     eax, 0C50D1E34h
add     eax, 9B79E5C3h
not     eax
add     eax, 939CCBCEh
add     eax, 828BE772h
xor     eax, 2B29AF0Fh
add     eax, 0A9F62A3Eh
add     eax, 0B26727F6h
not     eax
add     eax, 127B3A2Fh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 4C7BB380h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 98EBD0EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DBED33EDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AE20E232h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 59BD4F67h
xor     eax, 8295A6C3h
sub     eax, 83824A53h
xor     eax, 0CA2ED429h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 56594AE0h
add     eax, 81D15EB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D0ADB120h
xor     eax, 2909CC6Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0A7C2780Dh
add     eax, 0E4AA161Bh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 1724FCB9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4AE318F1h
add     eax, 0DB866F12h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5F83D64Ch
add     eax, 30CC2D92h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 5DD3F568h
xor     eax, 0EFC559B0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EAAE609Dh
xor     eax, 0A77906D7h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0D9391010h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 8CE9CBAEh
add     eax, 0F1BE76B3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A9E95C86h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 188C027Ch
sub     eax, 50621A93h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0A556F195h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D89CE06Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4D4C09F0h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 85878D0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CDE97006h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 36759F46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DBF5D74Ah
sub     eax, 0BB3AACF4h
add     eax, 34CC3F79h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C0421757h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CE7DD963h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 317A860Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0C5974E12h
xor     eax, 43BD0927h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 25C5ED02h
add     eax, 619B44C7h
sub     eax, 0C1604905h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 1EF0E856h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 30C5316Ah
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1FFF0033h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 2FDE4708h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 19A55B31h
xor     eax, 1C28CF8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DC53E66Dh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 84E0E717h
sub     eax, 2B87E720h
xor     eax, 5C401A0Ah
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 2B71C949h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 95D3DE49h
sub     eax, 1B91B333h
sub     eax, 0BD6477E6h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 391C3116h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A29BE33Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0E81CCC33h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0D1105AE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0C8EC37B4h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0A33A9B71h
not     eax
add     eax, 946A7B20h
add     eax, 54D9BE27h
add     eax, 67D646B4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DB4FACF3h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 7D0FB3AEh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 96C037A5h
xor     eax, 0E135B76Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 834091ABh
xor     eax, 1BF80EA5h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 831BA8ECh
add     eax, 0B17E28E4h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0A1873CA8h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DBBD902Dh
sub     eax, 0A0D71548h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 5DFC0F63h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 511A22A7h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 84B6B436h
sub     eax, 0BDEF00A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 57BF3AF6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0B8FD57DDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 94B52784h
add     eax, 1C3AE237h
sub     eax, 0C899264Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 47DC5483h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0C0485C1Bh
add     eax, 0E07449FCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7CD83466h
xor     eax, 89ACBB59h
add     eax, 0F2B6469Ch
sub     eax, 0D7F7D619h
add     eax, 0BD076488h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0A7C48F64h
xor     eax, 90A9BAB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DE6D5380h
add     eax, 6F7A8660h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5D1D0853h
add     eax, 0A3D5C03Ch
add     eax, 0EEAF3C3Dh
add     eax, 0D7BC48ECh
sub     eax, 0D4DA9A19h
xor     eax, 0A7770A4Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 41A74B7Eh
add     eax, 0F693C89Ch
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9DA70419h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C45EACE1h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 2C028F7Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0C05F3320h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F85B9943h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D3DFB819h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0EA165C49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 798B1EF1h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F12BDFF8h
not     eax
add     eax, 45AAC131h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B443003Bh
add     eax, 0CE690C79h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 96ABBE0Eh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CBA25DADh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9FB19C7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7A596D68h
xor     eax, 8A3E8B81h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0E1876A91h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 555F657Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E4FCA295h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E2B3997Eh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 608AC3BAh
xor     eax, 472DFED8h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 704BCF15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 9035083Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2EBCFF1Eh
sub     eax, 0D31DDF84h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0A5C9C198h
sub     eax, 644668EDh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0DC79572Ch
sub     eax, 0D13FFE62h
xor     eax, 3ED3260Ah
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 58B52449h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A75DB46Ch
add     eax, 0AA3F1F72h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0F1EB003Ah
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 39916964h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 61A110C1h
add     eax, 0B724F4E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B735F766h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7E5A8ABBh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 415FA320h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 91A8BA3Ah
sub     eax, 4E9D6D9Bh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 6B9E5B05h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 93857FD5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 248B8962h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CCF053D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CDEBF06Bh
sub     eax, 0C3DC8345h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BBF0373Eh
xor     eax, 0B6B0514Fh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0A03499ACh
sub     eax, 16A71B1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 66F0C84Bh
xor     eax, 0BA0E3510h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4A4F372Eh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0A9AA8FFEh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3DA79110h
xor     eax, 1CF663CDh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0E65A8231h
xor     eax, 997E3CEAh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 7CBAB8D8h
sub     eax, 27B89609h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 909BB6E2h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 85117BF5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0B6B9067Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 562C9894h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 896FB977h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB56C610h
add     eax, 3413B5DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 39027261h
sub     eax, 672D2B83h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 254D7050h
sub     eax, 472CA9BAh
add     eax, 17A4206Bh
add     eax, 9D14F37Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4F90B55Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 73EBAB09h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F09285E6h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0B920BCC0h
sub     eax, 2EB86631h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0C2C12899h
add     eax, 2AC73203h
xor     eax, 0EC391E4Ch
xor     eax, 0CD273BE8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 375ED46Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 3894AA3Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2281D057h
sub     eax, 613CA35Bh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B6FF269Ch
add     eax, 4BB1A845h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0C1E0C26Eh
add     eax, 2DF1106Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0E4D0B1B5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 5A5F80DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EFA9DBFAh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 9011F5A1h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 350C02EDh
sub     eax, 0B5BF24A4h
xor     eax, 3E02ECC4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FBE6B04Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 6B38D412h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 6B50D2C1h
xor     eax, 0CC583F73h
not     eax
sub     eax, 99859A5Fh
add     eax, 0C8D886F3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E49D0FABh
not     eax
sub     eax, 12CF1C8Ah
add     eax, 17DBCD2Fh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0B6D4182Eh
xor     eax, 0CF00922Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 1535B564h
xor     eax, 8D0408CDh
xor     eax, 0AEE52703h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 630C7EE0h
xor     eax, 88C807D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 5B8B2F2Ch
sub     eax, 28815F4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 79CA623Eh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 6AF173B5h
xor     eax, 0F0673E26h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 6891E42Ch
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0E66590DAh
xor     eax, 28F04366h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 5398521Bh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0DE5A4D81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 32B8027Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 8D944972h
sub     eax, 0A96A6034h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 7B87A41Eh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0B2D9CBC9h
sub     eax, 95235616h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DDC7F0DBh
sub     eax, 9F12B5E3h
not     eax
add     eax, 98580867h
xor     eax, 9023D400h
sub     eax, 6FFD3C00h
not     eax
sub     eax, 579AC289h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9D98D841h
not     eax
xor     eax, 20A6D02Ah
xor     eax, 0B6FBF8C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0FC2F9A25h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0E036D7A4h
sub     eax, 0ACCC6BA4h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0B55D080Bh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 240D6195h
add     eax, 8A825C63h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 45D36F14h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0D73147BCh
xor     eax, 9B28CD54h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 9C0D1DB1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7435E9F1h
sub     eax, 0CE0C2252h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 3367AB59h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 2533F527h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 100668AFh
add     eax, 42DBD6D4h
xor     eax, 0BFE58AC3h
sub     eax, 73F77A61h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0F5227F63h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0C51688FBh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 789CF926h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0BED3DF42h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 6C8E5E30h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1247B99Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F7EA954Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 5EFBF976h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FE4425D9h
xor     eax, 794B9B79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C28C43E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 20F54825h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 7FA76106h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 3C37A839h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 3CFDE487h
add     eax, 31446B47h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 5B8CC6E5h
add     eax, 0D19A6487h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E909F8Eh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 461D1B33h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0B63FA780h
add     eax, 93405FADh
add     eax, 6014B66Ch
add     eax, 2ABCB98Ch
xor     eax, 7741BBEFh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0C0B2FCDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0C1BA3609h
add     eax, 4C1A061Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 816DCCB7h
add     eax, 0EAB7E210h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5E99C5ADh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6418A0A5h
sub     eax, 0E5818CE5h
add     eax, 9FEE2FC7h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 1D77E174h
add     eax, 81D65F6Fh
sub     eax, 3D139B3Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0D0902A33h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0A152E531h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 6E5E8590h
sub     eax, 55CACC11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AAE42012h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0CBF1A4AAh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0EB50176Dh
add     eax, 50177827h
add     eax, 0D2DDAAB1h
xor     eax, 0D1FF3C3Dh
xor     eax, 9C8C933Dh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0D03F86A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3B19EC11h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0BF731ADBh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1A5AECACh
xor     eax, 89B3E166h
add     eax, 53840F0Eh
sub     eax, 5A286832h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 745C6A48h
sub     eax, 583AEC10h
xor     eax, 2AAE75DEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F5D5B786h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0FC0B1571h
sub     eax, 0E7BC1F1Bh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 1EAB82FFh
sub     eax, 0CBC8A52Ah
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0CD7F704Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 5A0BE7B3h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0D5DA9A0Ch
add     eax, 2820E935h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 49B45496h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0BF5BB180h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 3C7D5EDFh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 8F9A96BFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 52023DAAh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C1EDDCC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 39CF6686h
sub     eax, 27D26F46h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 82D6D3C9h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 4F9718D4h
xor     eax, 42FB653Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0BC73A165h
add     eax, 0FF487988h
add     eax, 1A594106h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1B379311h
sub     eax, 0EFA165F9h
sub     eax, 0D7FC186Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CA336CFFh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3665AB02h
add     eax, 0CB4D8BB4h
xor     eax, 53AC81BBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C471BE24h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0F582B350h
xor     eax, 44970A68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 10D07DB5h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0F0F9FEC3h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 45359696h
xor     eax, 397460E5h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 921FBFC3h
xor     eax, 811F139Ch
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 812B7890h
sub     eax, 0F1FB194Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0E68AF782h
add     eax, 500BA2C7h
sub     eax, 2815279Dh
sub     eax, 8B290ADDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 7D2ACAFBh
sub     eax, 26C16ACFh
xor     eax, 71545FFCh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 1B3550E3h
xor     eax, 0B5CF75C4h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0E330C736h
add     eax, 7A419832h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0E694F8F9h
sub     eax, 0CF445602h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 8ED8378Ch
add     eax, 40A590CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 57767D78h
xor     eax, 42EA4E56h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E71B0285h
xor     eax, 0CF5F7814h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5E356CF0h
sub     eax, 0F8456630h
sub     eax, 2AFD3AECh
sub     eax, 1E753074h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8D86F816h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0A48BB2BAh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2E6E7A99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 88D4D96Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 63B76829h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 350F5E1Dh
sub     eax, 0BF9A93E1h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0E02F8D08h
xor     eax, 23878F0Bh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0F8A2D1DAh
xor     eax, 764642F1h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 7BBCCBACh
not     eax
xor     eax, 793A7D8Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E4C94B8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 89CBD086h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 460DF18Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0AF8A484Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0B586F186h
xor     eax, 92DF36D6h
sub     eax, 0B5AC6221h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C4C3E025h
xor     eax, 0C8960008h
xor     eax, 0CB76EF4Fh
xor     eax, 40577231h
xor     eax, 1B1317AFh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0DCE6C7BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0C4BDC250h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 78AEBE35h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 62D5F64Bh
add     eax, 5E284F43h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0DF286975h
sub     eax, 2543BA27h
sub     eax, 4D1D2DB9h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0D124765Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A9B030Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8CBF6AC9h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 9AF5DC0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C2CC1031h
add     eax, 8EA7E86Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 4E27F63Ch
xor     eax, 8E299755h
add     eax, 0C3B934DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1DB83C8Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 3FD1BBE8h
sub     eax, 0D8F86B0Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0E4595011h
xor     eax, 9885709Eh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9CD90262h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 4AFB11F5h
xor     eax, 83C06F8Eh
sub     eax, 0D9555F1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 395840CCh
sub     eax, 27C9826Eh
add     eax, 0E54342B1h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 8364C403h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 571D62E2h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0D70F1706h
xor     eax, 1C710162h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E691DDA8h
sub     eax, 66B981A5h
xor     eax, 0D47CF2A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0F4D63730h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 949B0753h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FC45DD5Fh
sub     eax, 9A123278h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 845CA70Fh
sub     eax, 633592AAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8237F65Ch
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 88ADEF95h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 81F8C025h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EE9CC712h
sub     eax, 27B0D907h
sub     eax, 0FBD8C622h
xor     eax, 98C398A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 4035A9B5h
add     eax, 6171BF86h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8217D9E2h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0B605B035h
sub     eax, 9FB17355h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 451B8062h
sub     eax, 189D9BFCh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 30BFB0E9h
xor     eax, 88CAEE90h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 8F7702BDh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 55A75F19h
add     eax, 0E094B4CDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B45A03A3h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 29E0DB75h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 45831658h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0DC60EEF7h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0D7C525FAh
sub     eax, 6911FB85h
sub     eax, 7223A72Eh
sub     eax, 0BB9BC4FFh
add     eax, 0EA05FD58h
add     eax, 8E9A4741h
xor     eax, 0C88C7A23h
add     eax, 183879F4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0C13EB3AFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 9A843EDAh
sub     eax, 0F475F7AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 98E3456Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0C37D0A75h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 7430C3EDh
add     eax, 0DE70A2DAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 437FEE6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3A9923C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0CF89D114h
sub     eax, 2D20853Fh
sub     eax, 47CB96D3h
add     eax, 0FB6E69F5h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 8DE2CF1Ah
add     eax, 0F2B5ED0Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 31798834h
add     eax, 6C9554B0h
sub     eax, 0F5139B3Ah
sub     eax, 5095C0FAh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 9BDB110Dh
xor     eax, 3C14A51Fh
add     eax, 0FC811B7Dh
add     eax, 3AC0D9F0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 170EBD18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9DB2A379h
add     eax, 4B43A33Bh
xor     eax, 7D279623h
sub     eax, 6B369717h
sub     eax, 7F3684B7h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 351EB175h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0C3E131D1h
sub     eax, 481C31C2h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D2EEDFADh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2422D30Ch
add     eax, 35CADF54h
sub     eax, 27B4707Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6C5A5655h
not     eax
add     eax, 9AB4253Dh
add     eax, 0CC538448h
xor     eax, 0B7639392h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0C51F190Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 78B16DABh
sub     eax, 0F30A9D69h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CFB9CA81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0D104745Ah
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3C5DA950h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4AA61F82h
add     eax, 3A2E6BBBh
sub     eax, 1E164D57h
sub     eax, 0FC64BE8Fh
xor     eax, 5F8F7089h
xor     eax, 0EE529102h
xor     eax, 5FA75C34h
xor     eax, 60F9C186h
add     eax, 0F661BB9Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5E0EB990h
add     eax, 739927AEh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 26BA0E21h
xor     eax, 1358DF6Fh
add     eax, 0EF82DB9Dh
sub     eax, 8AA66230h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E1C6154Ah
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 648E5A7Bh
sub     eax, 0DCFCD018h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0F9073812h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B1069092h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E0109BF8h
sub     eax, 2EC0D816h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C0C7F4A9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F04565DDh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0A7810459h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 509BB480h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1081087Fh
xor     eax, 5B020B88h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6D3DDE87h
sub     eax, 216D594Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CB22B12Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 9882DA6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DE106252h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A7221EBAh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 67615C71h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D13CDCD2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 852CCC16h
xor     eax, 9B53C971h
sub     eax, 49FD9220h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 32ADC2ADh
xor     eax, 15BA0095h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1B76FDFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 151C769Bh
xor     eax, 0CC5E76A6h
add     eax, 0A361E157h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 42165481h
not     eax
add     eax, 59D3B2EAh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 63D19900h
xor     eax, 0FFE07FC7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CBA83F73h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BF27C70Fh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 8E14BB82h
xor     eax, 0E4703A69h
xor     eax, 0B2790031h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0E89A5BD7h
sub     eax, 33709819h
sub     eax, 6BAC937Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 24AD366Fh
add     eax, 8C25F401h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0F7CF3404h
add     eax, 1EFF81A6h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2041ED63h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 3A8614CDh
xor     eax, 1ADA83CDh
add     eax, 434D1EA9h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 241918BEh
add     eax, 4B38651Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 71D1E671h
xor     eax, 0E82AF2C5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 596BBC19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0E97C7BE1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EFE1C947h
add     eax, 5763C41Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 165BCA78h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6FA4D034h
add     eax, 0D20B2711h
xor     eax, 552160F8h
add     eax, 0AD163189h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 4E101183h
xor     eax, 1E2B98B6h
sub     eax, 85E66AADh
xor     eax, 579417A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1515ACBCh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 902006C3h
sub     eax, 51E09C10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5DF381A8h
sub     eax, 0C4670224h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 2404AE48h
add     eax, 160800D1h
sub     eax, 0E0718138h
add     eax, 42C1D9E5h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 6110F131h
xor     eax, 0A70FF795h
xor     eax, 0F8B28A99h
sub     eax, 4C646BB7h
add     eax, 0A0E5D90Dh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 29B92C2Dh
xor     eax, 0B9320BD1h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 477A3463h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 45DD6BF5h
add     eax, 0BEBFAD7Bh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 35994622h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 40C4649Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0C780FFC0h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 65494A03h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2FB20B5Fh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 2C3391B0h
xor     eax, 7C275210h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 4DC1096Eh
add     eax, 65486DC5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 35CF4950h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CA362FD4h
xor     eax, 77253C05h
sub     eax, 6E5EB211h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 7C001A12h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 2E7CF756h
add     eax, 182B5D03h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0AF9ED02Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 71DCBDEDh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 1F8EB620h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 6D1CF0EFh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0FE0F1F2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6D2CA11Dh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0E1D97A5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E0DCFFF6h
not     eax
add     eax, 44BEA527h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B9BA3E72h
add     eax, 4D42B605h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 328E435Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 4A1BEC9Fh
xor     eax, 67CE7428h
not     eax
add     eax, 12E1B168h
add     eax, 0FCF756EEh
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 32C5B6B2h
xor     eax, 0B0854CAAh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 40EDC04Eh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7775DFC7h
add     eax, 1FF23C90h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 6E25C3D5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0CFBD0F40h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0F54A9AFBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E45ED082h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 4C8733C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B29144FAh
xor     eax, 94BDF2F1h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 8A920042h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 51F66403h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 7A625519h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 33A0C509h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F49F4D97h
xor     eax, 719441FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AC17F969h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0B55EDFA5h
sub     eax, 9FC3AD1Bh
xor     eax, 0DD0C0C9Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0D2F47DDEh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 62D324B0h
add     eax, 473B8734h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D1C4E8CFh
sub     eax, 0A789B9F3h
not     eax
add     eax, 21CFFEF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 18BFF1F6h
add     eax, 9F5BAE81h
xor     eax, 47DF99DEh
xor     eax, 37961B05h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 2F271AF9h
xor     eax, 12F38265h
xor     eax, 0EACDC0F5h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0FB4EA7B6h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 3CA359F4h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 18D87924h
sub     eax, 0BD4C5511h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CA86769Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 75213202h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 269B427Ch
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 3DDE64C4h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A95C97F0h
xor     eax, 97C489F1h
add     eax, 4FD04E10h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 26E00121h
sub     eax, 7E5B9385h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 3F815E4Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0E97AB8AAh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 1E3EC370h
not     eax
add     eax, 4A6004B8h
sub     eax, 0C4696DD1h
xor     eax, 74BDA0E8h
add     eax, 24CC8B6Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5FA8149Ch
add     eax, 0B7320330h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D6CC1D57h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 5542C05Eh
sub     eax, 0C7BFE1C2h
xor     eax, 74819B73h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 34E5199Fh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 8229F9AFh
sub     eax, 6303B85Bh
xor     eax, 4C4B1B79h
add     eax, 2F8152F9h
xor     eax, 0D1001EB8h
sub     eax, 0AAF03B5Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0EE1F6094h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0A6355819h
sub     eax, 2E629466h
sub     eax, 38C80697h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0EF1A021Ah
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0AE204D02h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E71CA482h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E27480BEh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 37559A35h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0CABD87D1h
add     eax, 0BDAD8C48h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 738264FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 68402ED7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 216FE664h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 3CC3FA3Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 393A11C4h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 23952D4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DC9E121Ch
add     eax, 28CB74C1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0B23AD661h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 78B18E76h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 3923D8A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0A77F8B94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6CAD905Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A590606Eh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0BF32122Dh
add     eax, 0DCCC5413h
xor     eax, 4A762BA8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AC68FAF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 378B382Bh
sub     eax, 7F12ADECh
add     eax, 34A6761Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 711FDD58h
xor     eax, 0F304AE77h
add     eax, 64CCD051h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 1507992Bh
xor     eax, 328D5D95h
sub     eax, 0C7DC65D2h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0DC0D2EBDh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 8CF7210Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0A2EF605Fh
sub     eax, 3BBE3D76h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB1B5F5Bh
xor     eax, 0C4FA931Eh
xor     eax, 358276D6h
add     eax, 0D3059A7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 7CE8534Dh
add     eax, 89600748h
add     eax, 0EB02B745h
xor     eax, 7DC0D146h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 1CA62395h
add     eax, 7562E386h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CCAE0976h
sub     eax, 0E6B9E708h
sub     eax, 0B8721B15h
add     eax, 49F6C6F2h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 98D43377h
add     eax, 731F87B8h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 834959D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0A333D707h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 497A18F9h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0E17966C1h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5DFAD153h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 0BF9F2DA9h
xor     eax, 9F13FBD5h
xor     eax, 0AB7E9658h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 99C61C41h
sub     eax, 0F0CD324Ah
xor     eax, 0FF0CCD74h
xor     eax, 4DC99A8Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D008E569h
sub     eax, 0CAF45397h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 406B5669h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E9398292h
sub     eax, 0BB5B7F49h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 1A232C21h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 5A7756B2h
xor     eax, 0BFA55BCFh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F300AF34h
sub     eax, 6420B314h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BFFE5701h
sub     eax, 0BA0C91D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 60FC8277h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3E1C81A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 958518D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FC591497h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F5F32D7Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FB9054B3h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0A7E41120h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9EB89A81h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0EC23A24Ch
add     eax, 2F9866BBh
xor     eax, 1A8EF2F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 62A88978h
xor     eax, 0C2B30B4Ah
xor     eax, 872724FEh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0DE3DF831h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 49E93D19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0DE3AC1D7h
xor     eax, 854E9B32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 180C50C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DD78E118h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C785CFADh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 953214FFh
xor     eax, 1A3E1342h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 21F8FC63h
add     eax, 81218D98h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 85FB2E42h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 327E78E7h
xor     eax, 0A6C9166Eh
add     eax, 1F32240Eh
add     eax, 0E12168E4h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 5715DB98h
xor     eax, 0DBE74A17h
xor     eax, 76DFA165h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 3AC2A1D4h
add     eax, 97DE43CCh
add     eax, 0EDFD8E18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1E982B0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C9C13E38h
xor     eax, 0E3BB8333h
not     eax
add     eax, 22A35A49h
not     eax
xor     eax, 62F9DD7Ch
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 43D4E5D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AAD929AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 13E4A372h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 720AD04Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 96C34D59h
xor     eax, 42B64F74h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AE3C22A2h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0EC397869h
xor     eax, 0B34AAB71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9BD5DAAEh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 5657AA46h
add     eax, 0B76301B9h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 28235F03h
xor     eax, 3E12B00Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0EE84F244h
sub     eax, 806A6130h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 135DBA99h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 615706E8h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AE279DD3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0AC492A0Bh
add     eax, 0E3EDB7E9h
add     eax, 0D34E1881h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 79E86276h
xor     eax, 37DA5DD2h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 4484A11Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C8C76E50h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0B81B4A17h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 649500F1h
xor     eax, 2EF8C6AFh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 19DB0F1Ah
xor     eax, 0B1BAA2C9h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C2452762h
sub     eax, 0BF82A73Fh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 69E38514h
sub     eax, 97F57F0Fh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 31C02EE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 294FFB8Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 2E337A94h
add     eax, 8C170730h
add     eax, 0FABB5943h
xor     eax, 80CDB6C5h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0C0C3C41Eh
xor     eax, 37C7FD8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC4BF211h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0BF74C441h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0E2F0C9E9h
xor     eax, 27EE8182h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EA1D6C68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3ACBC0D9h
sub     eax, 92B7D709h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 335212A2h
sub     eax, 9F732246h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 94A112AAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0D690E8E2h
xor     eax, 562C07E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A9ED0525h
xor     eax, 0A89F8C13h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 45725B96h
xor     eax, 53A06CC7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 16AE7854h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0D14F9A88h
sub     eax, 0C9391EB5h
add     eax, 0F4888372h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 6ED96D0Fh
add     eax, 60848713h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 81747184h
xor     eax, 7C7450EEh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 5F52FFC3h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 49C0D31Bh
sub     eax, 302FDCADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 79B79D97h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 909EE0DDh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0CC0904C3h
xor     eax, 5D9D123Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7098F874h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0C5DE4813h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 722C5E37h
xor     eax, 0D5804DF9h
add     eax, 0A3698E1Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 582BAF71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2459F5A6h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8F4E427Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0BE0D9012h
xor     eax, 45C5C362h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BBD41AD8h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0BCCD19EEh
xor     eax, 0BA8D21BBh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F8D10E6Ah
sub     eax, 0E8AB3A73h
sub     eax, 5199662Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 773BF699h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0E2FB722Dh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 26FC269Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 314F2BC8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E3C39857h
add     eax, 9703C9DEh
sub     eax, 79F8C837h
xor     eax, 2EF68CE6h
add     eax, 0DDFA9BD3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 6B34DAD6h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 78719B82h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0FF156F84h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0CC5FE4F2h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 9CD4E953h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0FCEC3F9Fh
add     eax, 864C5E8Fh
xor     eax, 5DD0CC54h
add     eax, 0E64CC261h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 6E9A5689h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 422379C4h
sub     eax, 0DD39A9E7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 91487F09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8472CD2Ch
add     eax, 6F6E54A0h
xor     eax, 758C1A57h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 9882E845h
xor     eax, 37F1EC51h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 40A8F2C0h
xor     eax, 0BD266638h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 62F9FBDDh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8CF5638Ch
xor     eax, 25318148h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A10515ACh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 1F6BBBF9h
xor     eax, 4CC58E6Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 5FC2EC63h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 1EF1A57Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 1A1B0FBDh
xor     eax, 0A0DEAA5Ch
add     eax, 0BBC577D2h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D7A77C15h
add     eax, 534D7A69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 30ADBF60h
sub     eax, 0D6BF28B7h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 18D08E64h
xor     eax, 85887C8Bh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0F16C6A97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 866D876Bh
sub     eax, 28F69067h
add     eax, 4A37CDC0h
xor     eax, 5E63CF6Ch
add     eax, 0C0202313h
not     eax
sub     eax, 74FA0D32h
xor     eax, 38589E47h
sub     eax, 2BD4DFB5h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 720DDD60h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0ABC3A62Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 44DCD179h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 815CB8E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 52AB8B3Fh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0AC509DC7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A492B8D4h
sub     eax, 537A7735h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DF942A29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 56B87C7Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F7A31C96h
sub     eax, 570E9F0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D6B53547h
xor     eax, 0BFAE0072h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 505A0317h
xor     eax, 0C06D6CA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8B192B39h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 64EE2E72h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 34546155h
add     eax, 0C48EA22Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 54DFB6FFh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 3E22F8BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5D3B8B3Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 56030E4Fh
add     eax, 9819DD3Ah
add     eax, 0E76C18F3h
add     eax, 3C77EA48h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 8EA92E99h
add     eax, 602E268Bh
sub     eax, 0C2D9FF31h
add     eax, 583760B8h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 518855F4h
add     eax, 94947BCFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2909CBEBh
xor     eax, 0FD39B5B0h
xor     eax, 57CD6726h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0C31C8F2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B5556810h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 74776C74h
add     eax, 0AE113DA2h
sub     eax, 428D0287h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 19875BADh
xor     eax, 1983DD82h
add     eax, 0EA1C578Ch
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 7DE3C01Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 20EDE2CDh
xor     eax, 5E474991h
xor     eax, 4EA41875h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 9CCC19EBh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 8ACB33AAh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0F7D2D394h
add     eax, 0D12AFF22h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 4366E286h
xor     eax, 5C7AA3E3h
xor     eax, 95E0B4B9h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 2C3FE5BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D757A25Dh
add     eax, 0DE70627Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0F11BBCBFh
add     eax, 543918DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2E0BDBF8h
add     eax, 65EC0483h
xor     eax, 779C5CA0h
add     eax, 345EE5D3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 6F7DD317h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0F2249290h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E8DF4F0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 90E4700Ch
sub     eax, 0C584A80Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0B0B9C1C3h
xor     eax, 101CA507h
xor     eax, 0B404C8EEh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0F7CEA639h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D81391B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7DCEFECEh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4A044F58h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 4F5CA48Eh
sub     eax, 20B3E360h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D9F87ABFh
sub     eax, 0BC4F9D56h
not     eax
sub     eax, 51C983AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E5491522h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 53D1CAE7h
sub     eax, 50951741h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 8E96AA9Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 2BD5D1D9h
xor     eax, 9BA1FEEBh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 155B490Dh
add     eax, 10C7088Bh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0D5C50609h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 18F8BB44h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 5B70F14Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 75193BA9h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E44F3C6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0E897400Fh
xor     eax, 0A90CE01Bh
add     eax, 2DED144Dh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0E51BE19Fh
add     eax, 0DA642FB4h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0EC9BA733h
sub     eax, 0EA0B453Ah
sub     eax, 733649CBh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0BD6399ABh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 3809352Eh
xor     eax, 6A99E029h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 336C7A6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4DB39099h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 646A0FDAh
add     eax, 2DEB0368h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6956FB4Fh
xor     eax, 25790B23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 51B14363h
xor     eax, 55300014h
sub     eax, 3ACBCA5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D4351153h
xor     eax, 0A4619998h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E3B5AB06h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EDE7BC27h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0EDEC6E13h
sub     eax, 0D673F47Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 51C2F241h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 8461119Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 7BA2B7D3h
xor     eax, 47DB9858h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 47D5F0CDh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F3987BE0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0AAC77A65h
not     eax
add     eax, 6348D3D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0C3D48B40h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0DAD4ACB6h
sub     eax, 9A8B7BB2h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0B3769108h
sub     eax, 5A05254Eh
xor     eax, 68126A5Ch
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 899B759Ah
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 2992429Ch
add     eax, 0F6A474FAh
sub     eax, 0A7F2AD40h
xor     eax, 6A816132h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 33CE82FFh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7180A70Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0EF7F9E0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0FA471214h
sub     eax, 0B4CCF663h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 74F2EF44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CDA41436h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4D3E3A56h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3C74579Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 15717341h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E9A59FDh
xor     eax, 0BD8C37BEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0C621B004h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5B6F1FEAh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 51E57477h
sub     eax, 0A96A7DB3h
sub     eax, 6BE82199h
sub     eax, 0A2DB801Dh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 2AF12A76h
add     eax, 3B01EBFFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CB4ADDA7h
sub     eax, 7834D2DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 84B6D303h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F9BF51A4h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 21047560h
xor     eax, 0DF8A421Dh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 16254496h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B4FCB19Bh
add     eax, 889DD742h
add     eax, 1A7424C3h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0DB86F836h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 95C2BBFDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 72F18329h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 80A2E1C8h
sub     eax, 0F3172974h
add     eax, 3504DFA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 67420753h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0E4B59374h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 59FDD9A5h
not     eax
add     eax, 34289267h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 1D40A072h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 49BCF2CCh
xor     eax, 50853143h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6E3F9F4Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A046D022h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1CB35BD1h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0C381E6F6h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 26C4300Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 3C65B84Bh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0A2873B96h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0A363F3D4h
xor     eax, 0C9211CFEh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 3CD8969Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0FFBA9AC6h
sub     eax, 5E28A61Eh
add     eax, 0B257AFCFh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 3E5150B3h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C50E9445h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 191211F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C311448Ch
xor     eax, 6A9AAE79h
add     eax, 41C89EDCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0B95F20A0h
xor     eax, 0DEDD4977h
xor     eax, 5FFEF284h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0B551F2F8h
xor     eax, 0E1EF18CDh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 8C24B268h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6E6259F4h
sub     eax, 0A861DFB1h
sub     eax, 71656C00h
add     eax, 0B6EBB4B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 22E9A27Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 6F3615F2h
sub     eax, 471D4D17h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0FA038A0Ch
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 900E28B1h
xor     eax, 1EB68DE8h
sub     eax, 56445268h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 9099268Bh
sub     eax, 3583339Fh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 86A95007h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 6BC89ECBh
xor     eax, 4F9F1BEEh
sub     eax, 0EBFA8272h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CBA61126h
xor     eax, 0A2FF2A14h
add     eax, 0FDD2C1B0h
sub     eax, 14C1CB72h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E5FA29C5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B3AFF5E2h
not     eax
add     eax, 14DD7BCCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0F9EA3C89h
add     eax, 0BE73E6EAh
sub     eax, 2F27CF3Eh
add     eax, 0C452C8B3h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 21780599h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0BF2DC1CFh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 2528ED95h
xor     eax, 0A2357646h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A08AD319h
sub     eax, 8C226A55h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0B7799C23h
xor     eax, 93174AD0h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 75BE90CDh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 54A8F638h
add     eax, 0DDC13F4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 1661EFC1h
add     eax, 1B2A8712h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D225980Fh
add     eax, 56D0D818h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0D3A057B9h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6996EBDEh
sub     eax, 7D3B3C36h
sub     eax, 9F42463Ah
sub     eax, 5314FF7Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3ADF8253h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ECA0C51Dh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0B2D00A98h
sub     eax, 53A9F3A8h
sub     eax, 8F2BDE37h
xor     eax, 39B12510h
add     eax, 6C6D40BDh
xor     eax, 0BD64E5F1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 17DD08E3h
add     eax, 1D287F9Ah
add     eax, 0C93B47FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0BF1C4C15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CB8DBAEAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 753B4F54h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0FF9B769Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 1D79F1EAh
sub     eax, 38DD4AAAh
sub     eax, 482E7BC1h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D5817541h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 41DAFD1Eh
xor     eax, 34C28AD6h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 338ABAA7h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 2EF41E6Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4D430BB6h
add     eax, 333E097Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D7FE5869h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0C6C2835Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 4695A661h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D455A54Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7258ECD2h
sub     eax, 1EA0849Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E77E5BD8h
sub     eax, 0F122DA46h
add     eax, 6B0D12AEh
sub     eax, 2694CA90h
xor     eax, 0ADF0D17Ah
add     eax, 0FDA7E735h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0FBAC852Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 38D61EB6h
add     eax, 0CB5FB3D8h
xor     eax, 20172D25h
sub     eax, 7C1104BAh
xor     eax, 0B32F9742h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 9F33F3A4h
sub     eax, 2E7AF5C0h
xor     eax, 0C38F2CA6h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 3990512Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 275F5A62h
sub     eax, 2858F06Bh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 9BF4E8EBh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B8719F50h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0A974EE9Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 540C6E1Ah
xor     eax, 25FA83ECh
sub     eax, 0BEBD6365h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D74EFD7Ah
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 19F9E213h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0D37118B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FBDE9601h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0E7FC9CE6h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 3A7CBC1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 41E91410h
xor     eax, 68399C56h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 15D6D325h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 63B2837Dh
xor     eax, 0FD1F377Eh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0C5B798A0h
add     eax, 1B4F5F5Dh
add     eax, 401AFE31h
sub     eax, 0CDE3AADDh
add     eax, 7E54FA0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ED3D4B6Eh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 52CAA442h
sub     eax, 0CCD6DD6Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 9415B331h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C564910Eh
add     eax, 0BD279862h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 8B4A049Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 87802AC2h
add     eax, 3D93E41Fh
add     eax, 31ADD556h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D61983D0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0B4862E06h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 23D10856h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0B5097EB2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B7435F39h
not     eax
add     eax, 3A655B16h
xor     eax, 919C0D44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 141AE160h
add     eax, 0EE7EA5A7h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0CD548E6Ch
add     eax, 0E500584Ah
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 66D319F2h
xor     eax, 0D6AAE715h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0C11BCFFBh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 6DDE9E63h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 64C0C587h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 5E7DA985h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 267D7FD9h
add     eax, 0B8E16861h
add     eax, 0A15C22C6h
add     eax, 29022163h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8DD4F61Dh
xor     eax, 0A85E07E1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 378F24D2h
add     eax, 642324A8h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0FCACB832h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0CCCE2278h
sub     eax, 0C73D09AFh
add     eax, 0F6A0539Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 1C3A3796h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 3AA18161h
add     eax, 541C0A91h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 1FF81005h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 55D208B3h
sub     eax, 238FF32Ch
xor     eax, 6127B503h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 3F95E7DDh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 73021029h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0D86FF000h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 1C34A5F0h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 928A8B79h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9D393CE2h
add     eax, 0E4252B41h
add     eax, 33256CB4h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0C3063EEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D4EAB563h
xor     eax, 0CF869B85h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0A939C02Ah
sub     eax, 8B619DFFh
xor     eax, 469539A8h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0AB4C3BC2h
sub     eax, 50B9E2BEh
sub     eax, 8197F5A1h
add     eax, 9B5BE6D3h
sub     eax, 35291610h
sub     eax, 49DC0A0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DE70C23Ah
sub     eax, 362B6F3Eh
sub     eax, 21E6FD49h
xor     eax, 900B7198h
sub     eax, 0F809F824h
add     eax, 2AD7580Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9219F23Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 3E3778E6h
add     eax, 6847806Ch
add     eax, 3BCA74CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 68F01228h
add     eax, 38645FD4h
sub     eax, 0EB2AE504h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0A5353EB0h
sub     eax, 993D4087h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 3EC566B3h
xor     eax, 0B211634Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B156F12Fh
add     eax, 56841F7Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E09EC74Bh
sub     eax, 4250CF58h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 106E90DBh
sub     eax, 3F0ED597h
sub     eax, 1F3D6CB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 56BB667Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 1CF39302h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 3F137FD7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 74653183h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C01DFB2Bh
xor     eax, 1DED9CBEh
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 9342E271h
sub     eax, 687CB267h
add     eax, 0C9D515CAh
xor     eax, 0EF241834h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2515C52Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0B9A8E9B8h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0C12C4914h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 85B08C0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 30FA1961h
add     eax, 945F6D57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C8D23F4Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0E94CF099h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0D0AF5C62h
sub     eax, 71C583C1h
xor     eax, 61EADE7Eh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 67CB0E46h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9BE8B4C1h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E02044FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AE94C6F9h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 6C8C7EE9h
sub     eax, 0FDE89B47h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0D1A54D38h
add     eax, 0B34BF492h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 14F54445h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 55B4A3C4h
sub     eax, 88273286h
add     eax, 0F40CA79Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F1FB18D8h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 38C56F14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 509CAA85h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0C621DC67h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0AA5C382Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0EA9A6AFDh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 85F20B0Eh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0EB11EA84h
add     eax, 0E1C96EB7h
sub     eax, 65FE54BEh
sub     eax, 162DC84Dh
xor     eax, 0C5143134h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E12681E6h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 67E59202h
not     eax
add     eax, 24223E67h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6F73E5D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A7A69FB5h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 3EF67A65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E66B6B33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A83E24F9h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0EDC8CA07h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 7EC67CCCh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0B5123F13h
xor     eax, 480A7DD3h
sub     eax, 83E338B1h
not     eax
add     eax, 329C54DBh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 25C090D2h
sub     eax, 992C4657h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BF910283h
sub     eax, 938C2025h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 5B17C9EEh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 53EC4F33h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 37D9409Dh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0C2FDD43Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4967A57Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0A4EC358Bh
sub     eax, 84B6C461h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 10441F91h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B86F5F52h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0D3BD8D38h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 90AEE79Dh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0EF7592E0h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 14B9D165h
sub     eax, 0FDDDC758h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6573E5F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D92C39C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E158753Eh
xor     eax, 0F9B43F6Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 3DD4F185h
not     eax
sub     eax, 247068F6h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0F3EBB56Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 37877B08h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 14C1F4FDh
sub     eax, 3DB5BFC3h
add     eax, 0EF995C70h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C12EE2FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 895BB088h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 20B540EFh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 84B75B91h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 835EAEB1h
xor     eax, 32680B2Ah
add     eax, 93C84F3Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 2506F691h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 7D18C4F8h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0BC4F427Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0B4586FA1h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 2C0301EAh
add     eax, 548EC479h
sub     eax, 28639C73h
not     eax
add     eax, 3BE75466h
sub     eax, 0CAE0D932h
add     eax, 0A316C87Fh
sub     eax, 0A8B8EE09h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0DFEF706Bh
xor     eax, 0ECF93F50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C6FE920Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 45937EF3h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D2D90D57h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 9927CCF2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BE55B072h
xor     eax, 0BBB20361h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D7E9FFACh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0E6877E54h
xor     eax, 0DB5D5B21h
sub     eax, 170D1D01h
xor     eax, 0D093F990h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 2ADFB5B1h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E8ABAEC4h
add     eax, 0B531A8C7h
xor     eax, 480EA396h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FF18E96Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 64452A58h
xor     eax, 82CD8CD7h
add     eax, 8404DD5Fh
sub     eax, 2CD28595h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A9375E0h
sub     eax, 0A0B53CCDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3DADB631h
sub     eax, 2FA12AD0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C730824Fh
add     eax, 0FCBF77EDh
xor     eax, 66E23A61h
sub     eax, 46331C55h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 41DF3D59h
add     eax, 0D1875B3Eh
add     eax, 0D2D8FF62h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0B5028700h
xor     eax, 0F9B65692h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 9046D883h
sub     eax, 4D8C9766h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 7770D8EDh
add     eax, 0D85643C5h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 817CC241h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C2F2986Eh
sub     eax, 58593B7Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ED993696h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 5CC6C5F6h
add     eax, 0E2986F71h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 781136E4h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AF7F8BDBh
add     eax, 61411D11h
sub     eax, 76BB6529h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 10DD8923h
add     eax, 15111AF5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E058532Ah
xor     eax, 0AA29DAB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 5E486DD9h
add     eax, 0E708E61Dh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0F010FB6Eh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 8E90285Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 2519384Ah
xor     eax, 5C1CF06Dh
xor     eax, 0BE212B89h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3918B034h
xor     eax, 15061EF7h
add     eax, 0B8137B62h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0BD945FDFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 942B5014h
xor     eax, 5E0C470Dh
xor     eax, 33931A55h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 74B9E358h
add     eax, 7A9532F9h
sub     eax, 33AB0736h
add     eax, 0C393C941h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0B580BC6Eh
xor     eax, 69E4BD0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 188982DEh
not     eax
add     eax, 93C6C210h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A31BC35Dh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 50411D04h
add     eax, 0E1EAAEEEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5F334318h
add     eax, 15C43399h
add     eax, 0FB2C4511h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 44247D6Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 7E8C8BF7h
sub     eax, 0C1253F16h
add     eax, 9DD1C077h
add     eax, 22AF9D5Eh
sub     eax, 0D1949E3Ah
xor     eax, 0B83A1F8Eh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 296AAA91h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CCAB3B81h
xor     eax, 141B674Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 620B6825h
not     eax
sub     eax, 93C1F895h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0CFB60E44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 30804A89h
xor     eax, 8C3A1352h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C5AE8B0Eh
sub     eax, 0B28946A4h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D4CFB92Ch
xor     eax, 0FC4EBE71h
xor     eax, 9AB7E9BAh
xor     eax, 97E91E7Bh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0D2124451h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 4E5F8305h
xor     eax, 2DD992DFh
sub     eax, 8EB51934h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0D7E53B97h
xor     eax, 352BC8A9h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CA4E621Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0B025CC2Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 3FDBFA1Fh
add     eax, 0F00CE1C3h
not     eax
add     eax, 3506BF0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 5A021510h
sub     eax, 0E903C674h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0FD15DFA7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 57D6AC99h
add     eax, 770D6D4Fh
xor     eax, 26E68874h
xor     eax, 65FBA45Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3C5D14E6h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 4CA6835Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0EE675415h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 763EADD1h
xor     eax, 698DE602h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C20E255Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0EE0BA726h
sub     eax, 23604776h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4D081A24h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 989D05DAh
add     eax, 0F9FF847Dh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 167E76B4h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 9732D3BCh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 1B4184C7h
not     eax
add     eax, 9B3C7299h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 648366B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D0024BFBh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0CFDAA311h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0C6254B35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 625E2374h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 5068F0DEh
add     eax, 40F400DBh
add     eax, 5A026F6Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 1E52D471h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0A0199AAAh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 3C00B5E3h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 3898CB25h
sub     eax, 86572BC4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0C50C6D8Bh
sub     eax, 0B958F6F2h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 47396635h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 202D81E1h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 5CC45F9Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FE8FC225h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 943906E2h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8B6FCAC3h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 44914A67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D25DBEB6h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0C52EF1D2h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 113822A5h
not     eax
add     eax, 9A22BB2Bh
sub     eax, 6DFEC983h
add     eax, 0E1F85384h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 1755FA6Eh
sub     eax, 0D976E3C1h
xor     eax, 31DC8550h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 72B1ECDFh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B5AE51B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8629DEF4h
add     eax, 18730235h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 2532FAE9h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 77FB3E65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 24B37EDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 50A9C0CFh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0C2277D9Eh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D3C9A110h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 79CC49ACh
add     eax, 283E45E9h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 5F10CA35h
add     eax, 0E1CAF264h
xor     eax, 0B2AF7CE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0D66B303Fh
add     eax, 687ACBE6h
add     eax, 0A9DD0417h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BE5B1CB6h
add     eax, 55085998h
xor     eax, 91B5C343h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 9BAB9A76h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 53D9446Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FCB84E14h
sub     eax, 758291A3h
add     eax, 6C409EC9h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0A87A8D09h
xor     eax, 0C63CA135h
xor     eax, 1B00AF45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1F94C76Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BCDB9C78h
xor     eax, 0FD234BCCh
sub     eax, 0B96E502Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BD6BA59Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4CF4C036h
add     eax, 11007D3Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 36D1009Eh
sub     eax, 0FE3EE127h
add     eax, 0F7EC206Eh
xor     eax, 0E5B6435Eh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 12458EE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7B4FD65Fh
sub     eax, 1EE42DADh
sub     eax, 0CB847722h
sub     eax, 0FCFB31E9h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 5AEC8EDCh
sub     eax, 0C7E9B6F4h
add     eax, 0B2BF629Fh
add     eax, 0F2CC3361h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 51CC9106h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 8DFDC7BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A2502F1h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B56C734Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0CDF6CE0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 430C9253h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 5B18F266h
sub     eax, 0FAB8456Dh
xor     eax, 3FB3C5B4h
add     eax, 3A7705F8h
sub     eax, 0D8713CE1h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0CE0A032Dh
sub     eax, 2AC437F4h
sub     eax, 4CE83AC3h
xor     eax, 0DF495B2Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0C0095002h
sub     eax, 9875A203h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 68509359h
sub     eax, 859EC443h
xor     eax, 505143ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0B3916405h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B87359D5h
xor     eax, 407AD53Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 107EC107h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0A9165DF1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 30AC41FAh
sub     eax, 0C70516AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 47899D30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0C94BAC7Bh
sub     eax, 0CB1E03B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B55789FCh
add     eax, 4EC32059h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4CE7A7F7h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9A670212h
add     eax, 2C33A72Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BA1B704Ah
xor     eax, 43C9ACBAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6D47AAA7h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 16F58493h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 34560F53h
sub     eax, 5341D3F0h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 6A51E709h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6A8F3E8Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 560E8FC7h
sub     eax, 80DBECEBh
add     eax, 0B4497E95h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 3DF2C300h
xor     eax, 77961566h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C7F7EAC8h
sub     eax, 0D8C4113Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D562F57Ah
xor     eax, 0BED0DEC7h
add     eax, 8E404447h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 447813D6h
sub     eax, 5B5AFBD5h
add     eax, 0F2C03DE0h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2683C29Eh
add     eax, 0F850449Ah
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0FB7BF87Eh
xor     eax, 4AF2F91Ch
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 80733F78h
sub     eax, 9B7CB9F1h
sub     eax, 0AF913443h
sub     eax, 92B85D24h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A66B515Ch
sub     eax, 0B5822418h
add     eax, 4B6C3FE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 4172BD1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0B5A99024h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 4D1DE843h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B4C9EEB8h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0B475EB4Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 35B0BC9Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 98D524F9h
sub     eax, 8562019Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3CB41C0Ah
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A8442AFEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B2C03A34h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C530B707h
sub     eax, 530C8B03h
xor     eax, 52ADED11h
xor     eax, 68DA3477h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0E9108B71h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 82AA9D17h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2F4E2C6Bh
xor     eax, 0D64C0916h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FA6A8962h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 31FDA722h
add     eax, 0F192463Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 6D897776h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AEF5A150h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0E3C34A70h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 37E8362Dh
xor     eax, 1B8C403Dh
xor     eax, 987C4A1Ch
sub     eax, 4B738FD5h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 65902946h
xor     eax, 0B8552F33h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AE16AF0Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0F07BC28Dh
add     eax, 1F742597h
sub     eax, 6AF08A27h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 848D8ABDh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0B8746358h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 79C62638h
add     eax, 99598A1Bh
add     eax, 0E8F0D831h
sub     eax, 0DA33B98Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F2FA0105h
sub     eax, 68DEDD69h
add     eax, 880F713Fh
xor     eax, 302B4439h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CB2691BDh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 13C9DB8Bh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 8E0AB566h
xor     eax, 4C53029Ah
sub     eax, 0A03C8EEAh
xor     eax, 0C4B6E5EEh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 89B94EA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BB5D1614h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F0F5BBC3h
sub     eax, 0CF9D17AFh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5CC82B59h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AA6E605Dh
add     eax, 0BFE2CA91h
xor     eax, 410BD2EAh
add     eax, 0A2378951h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D66B9D75h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 8CB0CD05h
add     eax, 841D930Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2C6C780Ch
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 16D8C259h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 81806B17h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 91BD35E6h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0FED3EDD3h
add     eax, 0F3139F3Ah
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0E6746B00h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8B1B8293h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0B4EB0A5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DD96D7ABh
add     eax, 77D3AB01h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 95AD904Eh
xor     eax, 0FF96E388h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E079F9CDh
add     eax, 0F03098BEh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 49D0D0D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B0A25D91h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C2B8E38Bh
add     eax, 0FA7038D5h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DC6D4912h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0A1E077D5h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 863091D1h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 926E47DEh
add     eax, 6F60DF43h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AED4DB6Dh
add     eax, 0DB02619Ch
add     eax, 1BED2843h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 3FEDF123h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0D1B88AF9h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 576E074Eh
add     eax, 0A50464C2h
not     eax
add     eax, 95EBCE3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CBD14CCBh
sub     eax, 0D49C67ABh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 79567CDDh
sub     eax, 46BABD25h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0D4A18524h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 990F0B16h
xor     eax, 56A6292Ah
xor     eax, 15BA0C0Dh
xor     eax, 9AC93EDFh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0A49A1C20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5D991DA5h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0F0823148h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 92BC4B31h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B6A43CE8h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 41E0E389h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 996C8DAFh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0FCFDBCAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D5526ABCh
sub     eax, 0B45DB6A3h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0C8A3B035h
sub     eax, 43EECC76h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 146E56B2h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0BB3EAFC7h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0F6B462E7h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 930B5998h
not     eax
xor     eax, 976E2543h
add     eax, 896F8BA4h
sub     eax, 8B5B4969h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 59B5D0A5h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D9A0898Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0F4E4DFAEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CD8E94A1h
xor     eax, 0F4768CC2h
add     eax, 519EB8E0h
add     eax, 0E15919A1h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0A0068D0Fh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 5B0A560Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0B8BDC2FAh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 3DBCE744h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0BE74E51Ch
sub     eax, 0A8080AE5h
add     eax, 9D619B42h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C6DF1202h
not     eax
add     eax, 7E6BD8AAh
sub     eax, 4652FECEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8212C810h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 450DF0E2h
xor     eax, 83A900B8h
xor     eax, 0F890DDEAh
sub     eax, 0AB25F8D9h
xor     eax, 0ECD4E739h
add     eax, 80B7E5BDh
add     eax, 0F5FB28E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 3E4E4BFFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7999355Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A4894587h
not     eax
add     eax, 79C6D671h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 49F26C9Ah
add     eax, 0B3DCCE99h
add     eax, 4D76876Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 87FE61F1h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E35904A4h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0BE69F82Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BC169C32h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F386C6D5h
sub     eax, 50DD6CB6h
xor     eax, 590DE794h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0D7E1EEEDh
xor     eax, 0FD6C07EFh
sub     eax, 99749A93h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 621EDE8Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F555B409h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 99DC8BC3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3D72D5FCh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1F2BEAAAh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0B8FEFDE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 61554F7Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 4EBE7125h
add     eax, 55DB8BFFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3DDA1A00h
add     eax, 86C97142h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9061AAF3h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 14E53535h
sub     eax, 0C4103375h
xor     eax, 222DCA95h
xor     eax, 0F66AD8D3h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 79B1CF69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7E73EEABh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0CF75AE87h
add     eax, 0E159D765h
xor     eax, 0E0BF4F85h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0CC736572h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0C8FAF2D0h
not     eax
add     eax, 43D704B8h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 386EF0A8h
add     eax, 86BEF243h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 593D5CCBh
xor     eax, 18FBF04Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 4B2C29A6h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0BF1E8C81h
not     eax
xor     eax, 727F8A9Ah
add     eax, 0AB17ADD3h
sub     eax, 5D675C8Fh
xor     eax, 95E1AC40h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E3D83E0Dh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0A896A969h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 9805F244h
xor     eax, 0E6F664E2h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 62C3D106h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8214A94Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 23D02EFDh
sub     eax, 0CF9A5DCAh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 44FFCEB1h
xor     eax, 67315572h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BABF2847h
sub     eax, 1895B614h
xor     eax, 0ECFC10C8h
add     eax, 4D32A654h
add     eax, 0FAE255B4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9D08FB0Fh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C9D2CE7Fh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 8BEBB8D9h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 57AEF8A6h
sub     eax, 49B2B3A5h
xor     eax, 0BD48B62Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 895F099Ah
xor     eax, 0BEF1AE38h
add     eax, 0BACDDF89h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6256707Dh
xor     eax, 0F61C987Ah
add     eax, 91EFC6DFh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 2117A491h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6F1BD5F0h
sub     eax, 435E2300h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 417160BFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C7B18B31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 12808337h
not     eax
add     eax, 889D387Dh
add     eax, 0C00CF847h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0CC569C7Fh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 55A47BCDh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 9E34CD63h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 87F92004h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0B6AE2E9Eh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 449B5FFAh
add     eax, 39109919h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 87E6DC11h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 756660F4h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BFD5B0B1h
sub     eax, 0AE824BC1h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 6AF0ED07h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0B8C75A70h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F669516Dh
xor     eax, 0BFF32ED0h
xor     eax, 8A001F44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9D08066Dh
sub     eax, 0B822B134h
not     eax
add     eax, 28F3D6E5h
xor     eax, 449983B5h
xor     eax, 672B35E1h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 72D978FBh
sub     eax, 60C386F9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 628A6A9Bh
sub     eax, 0CFA971ADh
sub     eax, 31AC7382h
add     eax, 0EC15E986h
add     eax, 8EEBA8E7h
add     eax, 2599BD21h
xor     eax, 0B87E93F5h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0CF1567F7h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0BE16513Bh
add     eax, 0BA69834Bh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 989168ECh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0DFEC2ABEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B719DFE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B7AA7B0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 23371E8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 1047AE8Fh
sub     eax, 689DFF39h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 5D71E074h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 517A000Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 6F6C05C3h
sub     eax, 59F41F03h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 8A6967C8h
sub     eax, 0E7040112h
sub     eax, 0DBF0CBAFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5D110A30h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0E2D4ECDAh
add     eax, 736A8B91h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DCD0C1A7h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0F3A14DD8h
sub     eax, 0F59D1E0Ch
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 2A6B22E8h
xor     eax, 18CC40FEh
xor     eax, 0EB694038h
sub     eax, 79836F7Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 1DA63A42h
xor     eax, 0F23D0BB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 5D5FC5B9h
xor     eax, 0EED0F455h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0A0E33977h
sub     eax, 0F01FDA9Ch
xor     eax, 336CD74Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 15D3CD24h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BE9BB178h
add     eax, 637F62BCh
xor     eax, 3C523198h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 852C7A8Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9679D372h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 473589C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0F49F5EEDh
add     eax, 0A8E469B2h
add     eax, 0E3A28108h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 11B217C7h
sub     eax, 82165D00h
sub     eax, 0B4BE34D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 387D1CA8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 246DC6F5h
sub     eax, 8DE3ADF7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 78E9C810h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0AADB622Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 11A22239h
add     eax, 0C40115C2h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A70C2927h
add     eax, 399A4C4Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6600CD22h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0A1157A70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3B9B1DDDh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 9545C47Ah
xor     eax, 3EA296D8h
add     eax, 7331847Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0A959EF54h
xor     eax, 3F4D64FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 47783A53h
add     eax, 0B7F30F12h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0E8541329h
xor     eax, 0A4E764A9h
sub     eax, 79D172ECh
add     eax, 7A076156h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3CDE4DFEh
add     eax, 1737B5B3h
add     eax, 0A05071E6h
xor     eax, 8D2584DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F458B820h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0A3DB9E9Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5E484207h
sub     eax, 0A3042754h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 147375A8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F3F42AFEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 64445ABCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5596F936h
not     eax
add     eax, 4E9ECCF5h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 8116AE1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1BCA6F4Ah
add     eax, 3C7A468Ah
sub     eax, 193A86AAh
sub     eax, 2CBED8CAh
add     eax, 7ADACBD7h
xor     eax, 0EE76555Dh
xor     eax, 36FFA3CCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6A7DF67Dh
add     eax, 0E7F83F4Fh
xor     eax, 49B271B2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 85AC85FAh
sub     eax, 71A6E0E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 704959A2h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 1C28976Ch
sub     eax, 0F51D088Ch
sub     eax, 7B2B028Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0F7ED4E19h
sub     eax, 0B18F7A63h
xor     eax, 4718D69Dh
sub     eax, 0F6E50FB4h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 1F8A3154h
xor     eax, 86D24941h
add     eax, 1E7AD528h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 751F7695h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 845AAB5Ah
xor     eax, 4AA703CAh
add     eax, 655F5147h
sub     eax, 0A50F8C79h
sub     eax, 382EEEC4h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AEEE4178h
sub     eax, 0C640CCB0h
xor     eax, 0EA323048h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 187F22F8h
sub     eax, 63AF0820h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0E216A2C4h
add     eax, 1FCF0D29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2F76F975h
xor     eax, 196ECBEDh
xor     eax, 0EFFD630Fh
add     eax, 9C7B926Fh
xor     eax, 117D6957h
add     eax, 78535990h
xor     eax, 0C479C0E6h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0AD32B85Eh
sub     eax, 0FF0BDA40h
not     eax
add     eax, 4A2035DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 13EAE251h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FB9825B4h
add     eax, 0BF7D25A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 9C9BC166h
add     eax, 0A19DBAEEh
add     eax, 901B04F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 815EBDEDh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 10A339EFh
sub     eax, 128E1165h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 9C437946h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 20EC496Ch
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 935090B5h
add     eax, 2B92B127h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 724B9A35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0AD89EB0Fh
xor     eax, 0C9B78FF9h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0DC525314h
sub     eax, 283BF85Ah
add     eax, 3D0027BBh
add     eax, 431C9338h
sub     eax, 9DD9CA49h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 9C34E7A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 30F488B0h
add     eax, 2610CBD4h
xor     eax, 0A35DB0F5h
add     eax, 0A299C26Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FEE76A6Dh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A7A6CEE5h
add     eax, 9A805366h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 403286BEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 9B3CB771h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4330E4A1h
add     eax, 75047780h
sub     eax, 6EF6E2E0h
xor     eax, 9B9F2C6Ah
sub     eax, 77233F84h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 9E81D48Ah
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 700865B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 6BB52778h
xor     eax, 8D40CFE7h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BE8A562Dh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0B09E12BBh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DC8E0450h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0FD2E3631h
add     eax, 0DE919C64h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 47F2F099h
sub     eax, 0E3E6F2E0h
sub     eax, 3A76D6E7h
xor     eax, 1FDFCB72h
add     eax, 3B199529h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CD8DF32Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 108ABFFAh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0D27047BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 98CE8112h
xor     eax, 0CA60E763h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 1F0E0F77h
xor     eax, 85BA2BD1h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 5A8EDD3Bh
add     eax, 0ED03142Fh
add     eax, 530C3E01h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 5DCF515Fh
xor     eax, 8DF58ED4h
add     eax, 13E0BD01h
xor     eax, 33B38639h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0A5BE042Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0B98DEBABh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 53F5DCE1h
sub     eax, 0BED14540h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4D3ABD9Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1BD47C65h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 1624C519h
xor     eax, 6FB78579h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 9DEDE962h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 340E9006h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 919D2AC9h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CC9167FFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F5E1ECFEh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0FA2A0A68h
xor     eax, 0AC2BF4F7h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0A8DBF483h
add     eax, 0AE4418A2h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CE2B7384h
xor     eax, 0E6F48D24h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D1CC8C1Bh
sub     eax, 5C98C938h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 3B4DE2B4h
add     eax, 0C12F2BF9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A00CBAD2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 414CC773h
sub     eax, 0F7D6598Bh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 630D43D4h
add     eax, 17C16B45h
sub     eax, 0E942260Ah
xor     eax, 0A0644F59h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EED0E5CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0A1203CEEh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 372438E3h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0A54DDFCCh
sub     eax, 8E987F10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FA265D32h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 20E148A6h
sub     eax, 844CAD8Dh
add     eax, 0F2707207h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2CF7C463h
add     eax, 0BAFB333Dh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0B1B52572h
xor     eax, 4418EEA8h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 2714A866h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0A641C931h
add     eax, 960901A3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 86E118C9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 71122736h
xor     eax, 5F6E5757h
sub     eax, 22E68AACh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0AA589D65h
xor     eax, 72541422h
xor     eax, 0BF160B09h
not     eax
add     eax, 1BD3D303h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3DE6298Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0B8C73095h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B9335D27h
xor     eax, 0F257C693h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E2B27663h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B9D8399Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 38F4772Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8EC0656Bh
add     eax, 30AB8343h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8C51B4A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 438B5772h
add     eax, 7EBEE21Ch
add     eax, 1CE779C1h
xor     eax, 0DD5BB2E4h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 6EA9B2E1h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 47795522h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 8CE24EB4h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 5626225Dh
add     eax, 0BE9CFEC2h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C55B7E3h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BB7F55AAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B408C1EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CE88D0ADh
xor     eax, 23113187h
sub     eax, 404BB4A6h
xor     eax, 0D8944AF6h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0FB5DB2BEh
sub     eax, 6D0985ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CB254BCBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 52906600h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3FC377A0h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E0C357D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 27BE03C9h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1CC0CADEh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9CFA4765h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 6D91D781h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax