not     eax
add     eax, 2D0DD66Dh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0A541B3E7h
add     eax, 4D82C899h
sub     eax, 3F4485CDh
xor     eax, 649609C9h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 239A56C8h
xor     eax, 0F4B3896Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 974FE5AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 569845A4h
sub     eax, 0B100C035h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 7CD4A7ECh
add     eax, 0E302B8D6h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 60B4F86Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0B8BB41C8h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 72777124h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0AACFC87Ch
xor     eax, 8391EF5Bh
xor     eax, 0D65EA463h
xor     eax, 0F8C2F744h
xor     eax, 0F69EE89Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1402D594h
xor     eax, 0FFB2D70Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F6939DD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D79CCEDDh
sub     eax, 5DE2E3A0h
sub     eax, 1A1FC63Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 8E7CAADDh
add     eax, 0FBA8A37Fh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A4DA7CCBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F3EDE0C0h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0E182D7AFh
sub     eax, 48CC0095h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C8EF342Dh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 6B47B658h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0D2339B15h
xor     eax, 78AD513Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 90484172h
add     eax, 17CA9683h
sub     eax, 0C3180EB1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9BF9E879h
xor     eax, 8C2930BCh
xor     eax, 0A5CE1B58h
xor     eax, 54091813h
not     eax
sub     eax, 80E69D29h
sub     eax, 686A0775h
xor     eax, 7EE43A2Eh
add     eax, 6F2A8A77h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 102A8719h
not     eax
xor     eax, 44138F45h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2C257152h
xor     eax, 89E5561Eh
xor     eax, 76AD9855h
xor     eax, 6AB57D13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B44F665Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 710F1878h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 354ED7FEh
sub     eax, 9DB9582Eh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 79754185h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 8A1E8C5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D0E0847Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0E7FF2138h
add     eax, 81216364h
add     eax, 0A8253EE2h
xor     eax, 0A835EB26h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B636358Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2A5BAE43h
sub     eax, 5BE2EF94h
sub     eax, 0BEFD8D4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 212DA872h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 6B9A8EF5h
sub     eax, 1493CAF0h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 35BDFB5Bh
xor     eax, 70536130h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 1058E8C3h
xor     eax, 0C708E673h
add     eax, 611A586Eh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0D60DF6C3h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 37162D86h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0ECA9F114h
add     eax, 0A5B6BCB0h
sub     eax, 0A8D2EE32h
sub     eax, 0DF252483h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 5E47A393h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0A265399Ch
xor     eax, 6685103Bh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 99D9AB94h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 467739C7h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 9F81BA49h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 56AD7E18h
xor     eax, 8E33CC2Eh
add     eax, 4C7F18B0h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CF3FF9AAh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 286C4FADh
xor     eax, 9E19F710h
xor     eax, 596BB7A3h
xor     eax, 5A4D03ACh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0FBC6B91Ah
add     eax, 7BBDD4C9h
xor     eax, 692E57AAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 95FE347Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0D48332BBh
sub     eax, 7CA71A36h
add     eax, 0E8E4781Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 4A0EDEFFh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5BCDF39Dh
add     eax, 18486824h
sub     eax, 5803AC37h
xor     eax, 50FCAB5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A7A055C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7C576750h
add     eax, 0B7A3D754h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 6A77A8EFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B8493E84h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 576B0AF1h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 124D0D52h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0A844825Bh
add     eax, 0FDE143FDh
add     eax, 0D9BB80ADh
add     eax, 8D6DC8BAh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 788513B9h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0A78477FAh
add     eax, 0BFE4BC29h
sub     eax, 0E9DE0F76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 68855FF9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0BE053C97h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 4CCC0EEFh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0C0C260B1h
sub     eax, 307219E6h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EBBDFC86h
add     eax, 0B112D618h
sub     eax, 3E730BC4h
sub     eax, 0BB2A4155h
add     eax, 25A80781h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 40345237h
xor     eax, 0EFA78850h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BCC625D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 6899D1BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3DA314E4h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3F8138BDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0AF49E2BEh
sub     eax, 1871810Dh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 10EC8281h
sub     eax, 8D2D8B35h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0B5DB0595h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 9BE50311h
xor     eax, 1E2B8EB0h
xor     eax, 366CB97Bh
sub     eax, 0E8FB3AEFh
sub     eax, 72959632h
sub     eax, 1BD48A87h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1BC043CBh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0D2B1059Ah
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0C1A80022h
sub     eax, 36915C64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0E0395BD3h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D3B3CBBBh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 374141A1h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0DA496DEFh
add     eax, 0FBDB3BD1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 60DCE14Eh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 182D3BE0h
xor     eax, 2BE2EB99h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 12237911h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 6A2C9918h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0B2B45439h
sub     eax, 0D270A985h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 2472E821h
add     eax, 30D4C8B1h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0D8731E1Ch
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AD9BABD1h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0B16FFF0Bh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 2B33D755h
sub     eax, 996F821Bh
xor     eax, 0DEF605CFh
sub     eax, 1F5BA58Dh
xor     eax, 58B7739Bh
xor     eax, 0AF36156Eh
sub     eax, 99B2E633h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 421A0436h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 8DCF718Ch
xor     eax, 4CDD90A8h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0B96A60C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A6D5F3ADh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0C3DD4CF9h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0EE5D363Ch
sub     eax, 8094EB41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B354D914h
sub     eax, 0D4E6CCE8h
xor     eax, 730E88CFh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 61C78358h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 78D11258h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0AB7D57E6h
xor     eax, 0DD0DA814h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 32F09935h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 9E139191h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F88080A7h
sub     eax, 0DC8CAAA3h
add     eax, 0A069D5CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 787F18A4h
add     eax, 0A474F897h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 361DE08Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 7F9EAF1Bh
sub     eax, 537C7D68h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0BA9025FCh
add     eax, 6E632395h
sub     eax, 0CB8D90CAh
xor     eax, 78F2E578h
add     eax, 4EA7F5E1h
add     eax, 6D804F53h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 8258A0C7h
sub     eax, 0BB48AF18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 47D87D64h
add     eax, 4A5C2197h
xor     eax, 90DC335Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0A90344A4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F3AC52FFh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 3F0E504Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 2A26E6FDh
add     eax, 27BF4B48h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 2571F3F4h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0FDDD713Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 4A5762D1h
sub     eax, 0CC00AD31h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F32F9915h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 43FDEBE1h
add     eax, 931749B6h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 39FB1C7Dh
sub     eax, 31557580h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 17E18ADAh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 7F6ED1F8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 802BE933h
sub     eax, 8933DFB5h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B1A8D66Fh
add     eax, 80A4B9FEh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0BF60C061h
xor     eax, 20C619FBh
xor     eax, 0DFED9102h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 279D2F75h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 91F1115Fh
sub     eax, 0EFF256A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 194D5C0Ah
add     eax, 0CBBBB2CFh
xor     eax, 59975C3Ah
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1C438703h
add     eax, 27785B02h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2BDB2794h
sub     eax, 40C2283Eh
xor     eax, 660283A2h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 520B96C4h
add     eax, 209E6DF2h
sub     eax, 1C5D46ECh
xor     eax, 0E0A12589h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9587210Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 69FA9AFAh
xor     eax, 435A70D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 8839BAEAh
add     eax, 0F7C8D418h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 63D22CAAh
xor     eax, 271580FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 28F0A248h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0A4608341h
xor     eax, 12704112h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BF549BDFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 3C418246h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 76C630DCh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 27EC8B87h
xor     eax, 26D8B17Dh
add     eax, 0A5F12F9Bh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB1FC1B1h
sub     eax, 4781D237h
sub     eax, 0FE39B28Bh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0C0B782D7h
sub     eax, 0F031B50Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E394739Bh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0BBBCC03Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 8E2ED258h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0C043CA10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 64B5992Ch
xor     eax, 5C03D8F2h
sub     eax, 0D59F2E04h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0EDF7AA04h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CA60528Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B1F5022Dh
sub     eax, 0E5D63B29h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C712573Bh
xor     eax, 6D1C5401h
xor     eax, 2CC3724Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0A939803Dh
sub     eax, 61014248h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4D450989h
sub     eax, 658B3F03h
add     eax, 7D3F71BDh
sub     eax, 46BA7F78h
add     eax, 0C8AEA44Bh
add     eax, 69F0BAF6h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 448D4171h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 30E2D62Ch
add     eax, 0C88AB386h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 47D4241Eh
sub     eax, 43BE61DAh
xor     eax, 85915959h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4CBF1EB9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 933303E3h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 206B67D6h
sub     eax, 4843CE07h
xor     eax, 0F2A3661Fh
sub     eax, 0E62E36FAh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 9A77B048h
add     eax, 0D9F06DCEh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0DCA77AACh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 2759DFE2h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0F6D220F2h
add     eax, 0F5CD8A65h
xor     eax, 6A94FABAh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 4281415Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 702D21B8h
not     eax
add     eax, 144BBF07h
sub     eax, 0B24A5ED9h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 7833BCEEh
sub     eax, 75738327h
sub     eax, 90B23CD0h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 13FDCFEAh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 628CB11Bh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 7FC4D7EFh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 299A0315h
add     eax, 1AAFAD94h
add     eax, 0AE393894h
xor     eax, 0FA485CD8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A45C1126h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0D19308B6h
not     eax
add     eax, 8600927Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 966186EEh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0CD4A597Eh
add     eax, 8ED9F4A4h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 66B0EFFDh
sub     eax, 1A0576B5h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0A314B598h
not     eax
xor     eax, 932B3395h
sub     eax, 52AFDF32h
xor     eax, 0ACBA1383h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 99748208h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 995CD1CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0F5E4D00Fh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0A5CFBED4h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0E3647DD3h
add     eax, 0E7013600h
sub     eax, 0BAB54773h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2B944B15h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0D56EEE2Bh
xor     eax, 686D2A08h
add     eax, 0BF542B20h
sub     eax, 0AD312316h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 3EF338C9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0EA72DF8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0ACA86127h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 2F343621h
add     eax, 0C4388A66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 879B451Ch
xor     eax, 61ED3423h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 5D9C49E2h
xor     eax, 2FF1383Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FBBA395Ah
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0E5687E2Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0BA7BBC35h
sub     eax, 62FCE715h
xor     eax, 1E6DCEDEh
add     eax, 177A6A7Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 55EAD499h
add     eax, 80E788DBh
sub     eax, 78B7F1ABh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 76D94139h
xor     eax, 5C4BA447h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0E1FC1F93h
add     eax, 810D8A94h
xor     eax, 46E8A330h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0C0E0730Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 870D3DACh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0D5BAEF73h
xor     eax, 101D6826h
xor     eax, 0B6B83570h
add     eax, 0C1F14EF0h
xor     eax, 0A6AAF285h
xor     eax, 2EDC1DF1h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4CCC0ED3h
sub     eax, 3C045A9Bh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0F07A3A14h
add     eax, 94655850h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 759D4F56h
sub     eax, 0E1873FBFh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 86B4FCFDh
sub     eax, 0B0C70816h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C66102A5h
sub     eax, 75EC79D5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 4FD6B322h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 9503FF8Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0DAA98A50h
add     eax, 0EE5C1668h
sub     eax, 57791EEDh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5E50BBB2h
not     eax
add     eax, 30A92ED0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FC1E424Fh
sub     eax, 7EBBA001h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 2DAA5EA0h
add     eax, 138B9C86h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0DCEF64A1h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 365F5650h
xor     eax, 3FCD6FAEh
xor     eax, 8609E689h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F978828Ch
xor     eax, 1DC9889Eh
sub     eax, 7AD6E05Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6D11E9B6h
add     eax, 0B0F64944h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 89E23DF0h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0D3814F1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 93465A2Dh
xor     eax, 87CB1FF7h
xor     eax, 0E5CCAE49h
add     eax, 1101FDD4h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0C5FD4B3Eh
add     eax, 55DCD084h
xor     eax, 72884995h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 2AC3B531h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6B395F18h
add     eax, 714BD93Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 6B76BD98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5D41CE6Ah
xor     eax, 616AD8A6h
add     eax, 34D23064h
xor     eax, 312360ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6DAF1855h
add     eax, 355F9624h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0B61E2C7Dh
xor     eax, 837612D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BA441B9Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 27421A62h
sub     eax, 683617A3h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0B8EE71C8h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 8190826Eh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 95F6EAC5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DFBA1A94h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 23E45C51h
sub     eax, 0D39535EAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2985F657h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 6C1149F9h
sub     eax, 0A19A72A0h
sub     eax, 0E39C3031h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8E1626E6h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 5984C817h
xor     eax, 8D26309Dh
sub     eax, 188C9FBBh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F5263C33h
add     eax, 98556FFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0D5964C22h
sub     eax, 868DE31Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A27EB2E4h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 80E4343Ah
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6B1FF141h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 244DE74Ah
sub     eax, 23514113h
add     eax, 0E19CF09Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A574A697h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9E560162h
sub     eax, 94FD811Bh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0AE2FEBBFh
sub     eax, 0EF70D866h
sub     eax, 0CFC73B23h
add     eax, 0DD98626Fh
xor     eax, 9635B7BFh
add     eax, 2E6B803Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 85C5EC4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BFB2D751h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 12D4CAC3h
xor     eax, 7D17E60Ah
add     eax, 48536910h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3B790EFAh
add     eax, 9CBE0F93h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 37049718h
sub     eax, 3D231ED9h
add     eax, 8B344D37h
xor     eax, 8CA62FB7h
sub     eax, 0C1CB7BBAh
sub     eax, 0E96A9A18h
sub     eax, 627250C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EC217079h
sub     eax, 57926C8Ch
xor     eax, 6D322CB2h
not     eax
add     eax, 389DF6D7h
xor     eax, 7AA737BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 202BC29Fh
xor     eax, 84F5FD91h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CF86F4C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6F737132h
add     eax, 716010F3h
add     eax, 199F0938h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 6035E889h
add     eax, 8D1BA6EAh
add     eax, 438AC1E3h
xor     eax, 9B7EA6F4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D9536258h
sub     eax, 0D86D5ACDh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0BA494DF1h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 79555D19h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 172A97DEh
add     eax, 924DD730h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0BF62C395h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 593DBBD1h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0F81DE600h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0F307A38Eh
sub     eax, 491D5D0Bh
xor     eax, 535DD70Ah
sub     eax, 0A3A83B67h
xor     eax, 3E562A07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2D6E3D75h
add     eax, 1D7DE052h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 171E696Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CAFF2B21h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7ACC48EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5AAC2603h
add     eax, 14EEB086h
add     eax, 9C91ABCAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0D0943AB3h
add     eax, 0CB14DECBh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 59D0519Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 360AA885h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0DCA3AC55h
sub     eax, 0A055AB36h
xor     eax, 2F4C4845h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B43E9A23h
xor     eax, 0AB2BDDD4h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0F738A77Dh
xor     eax, 0BA3D3C22h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D63845CFh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 4FD7CC4Ch
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0FAAA053Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0C3ACD1AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A03F3CE1h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 51F99B18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 5E72E5FCh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DB7198E6h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0A0A439E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0CC7FEA6Ah
xor     eax, 0F2FC3D1Fh
sub     eax, 0D6E8B635h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 9C32D853h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 8B41D9CAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FBBD9E02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 90434D21h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0BE9AF093h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5148B07Ch
sub     eax, 73881B54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 151B2E26h
sub     eax, 563F11E2h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 5C7B0EE4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6FFDF83Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E66C510Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 36F6FF7Dh
add     eax, 433CA564h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 6DA31712h
add     eax, 0ACCD077Bh
add     eax, 0A416F514h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 6C4DE45Ah
add     eax, 8525A9D9h
sub     eax, 1A18D9A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E1868D93h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BD72E869h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 1E492E9Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 5AEDB6DDh
sub     eax, 900CF780h
xor     eax, 0C7AADB8Dh
add     eax, 1EFBA164h
not     eax
xor     eax, 51417CD6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FF7E989Ah
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 9B573BB3h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FDD8FA29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D5AEC58Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 993E89E1h
sub     eax, 47433662h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C78E1164h
xor     eax, 7EFD157Ch
xor     eax, 220891D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9FD9F339h
add     eax, 341A6F31h
add     eax, 5852E12Dh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 49E3C296h
add     eax, 0E8E0D0D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FAE6AEE8h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 48B43AD8h
add     eax, 0CF5633A0h
add     eax, 4AFBDE16h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 526C1CFBh
add     eax, 55FABD02h
add     eax, 0E8F56354h
xor     eax, 0FC25E1F1h
xor     eax, 0F475BAD9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D5B6B4C8h
not     eax
add     eax, 8DBCBBD1h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0DC03AA1Eh
xor     eax, 0EB8310EBh
sub     eax, 0D354077Bh
xor     eax, 56401E7Dh
sub     eax, 696DD204h
sub     eax, 610B0F5Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0DF76C0BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 212A2250h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0E8CD9B06h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AD1EFB33h
add     eax, 22BAA829h
add     eax, 9D591E4Ah
add     eax, 4020809Ch
sub     eax, 56DA6C82h
not     eax
sub     eax, 76D50C45h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 4E70325Dh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 6526554Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 2C105B6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 17AA5003h
not     eax
add     eax, 1A33A91Ch
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 21C67DB5h
add     eax, 789982CAh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0DD9A45C0h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 7DCF5628h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0DB188DDEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 24DEC638h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0C04816C8h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0EDF6F1B2h
xor     eax, 0F4514CFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A49678C7h
sub     eax, 7E764004h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AED84A1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E171E9BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B393D0A5h
sub     eax, 0B3862777h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1C552BC6h
xor     eax, 95035EA2h
xor     eax, 0A26464F7h
xor     eax, 4FDDE245h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5C490326h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8F829C53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 72A4FED0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 78BE4C10h
add     eax, 0F054EB1Dh
add     eax, 0A102E7D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7EEAF8EEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 91CD56B0h
xor     eax, 609A54D9h
sub     eax, 0D38D6286h
xor     eax, 1B5E8B3Dh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 851A4653h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0B14C0BD0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 26C38E5Ah
xor     eax, 7B01EA6Ch
sub     eax, 5797B43Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0A3970034h
xor     eax, 3E527F27h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 56862CE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FBBAA548h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0A0EEF30Eh
xor     eax, 0CF0954ABh
add     eax, 0D02BDB2Dh
xor     eax, 42EE9687h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0B5B7D011h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0B85414CAh
sub     eax, 6D13DA2Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BDB39557h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 7DE29765h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0CF6B89EEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 37B49256h
sub     eax, 89BDAAE4h
xor     eax, 5229A645h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 8033C11Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0DA385033h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0E502FD60h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6C164C37h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0EE8EFF02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0C7BF15C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FB88D142h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DE7DD21Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0FCFB7EABh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 43E7F009h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 237B424Bh
sub     eax, 315A4CC5h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0D1647A50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B749B2FDh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 547E6555h
add     eax, 5F406590h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E9F5C59Eh
sub     eax, 7F6CCB0Dh
xor     eax, 6B13A505h
not     eax
sub     eax, 274737A8h
xor     eax, 648D9155h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B1A853EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C1C4B442h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 2D229ED6h
xor     eax, 1D0DDCEBh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 6376897Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 42602958h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9D6D0EDDh
xor     eax, 8D2D6722h
not     eax
xor     eax, 73C821C9h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0F37D2D01h
sub     eax, 6228C812h
xor     eax, 0F67EDD59h
add     eax, 2E9C3C1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 680C25B5h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9765C594h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 199B2C00h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5C7B905Bh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1E7C6CD1h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E88509C6h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 79CB9D7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 40CC9F5Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0AC3D8C17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 2A9524D3h
xor     eax, 8B9B1840h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0BE3D3581h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2D4CAD74h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 1D726C9Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 7BF3A375h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 258820C3h
xor     eax, 0D3F54A43h
sub     eax, 155D4AE9h
add     eax, 89E494ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0CCD247BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D618DB53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2C0CF8D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7A0FFC08h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0C76D6CDAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8C421599h
xor     eax, 1958A660h
add     eax, 218C58B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 23B5643Ch
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 6C2E2722h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0F017293Fh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 34C29846h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D747453Ch
add     eax, 75DD5FC4h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 35825FC3h
sub     eax, 0BD5C3988h
not     eax
sub     eax, 84900EC0h
sub     eax, 4A81B8EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 61AB6C44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 70C81749h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0C04EF643h
xor     eax, 0C29BCB47h
xor     eax, 6DD5EFBAh
add     eax, 0A0482E3Dh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 5BB35898h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0EE0CF053h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 219D5722h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 787D197Fh
sub     eax, 23586D0Bh
xor     eax, 0D3A1A91Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BCA97FDBh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 7E58AD0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7ABC5C92h
xor     eax, 0BA6E4A76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 31D6EB88h
add     eax, 6C0C6FA0h
sub     eax, 0E58F1511h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0DD621494h
sub     eax, 0E767919Dh
sub     eax, 0B9E99414h
sub     eax, 0E28AFC8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E58F68A8h
add     eax, 0D01C9636h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 48560D66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2E822F15h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0FEAB3976h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9E27B4D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1BCBCE27h
xor     eax, 9CF91EC4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0EB509086h
sub     eax, 0E6AA9320h
add     eax, 5DEFCC4Bh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 41BCB224h
xor     eax, 0CF51EF93h
xor     eax, 42052F18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4C23CD15h
add     eax, 818F862Bh
sub     eax, 37E4F0B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0A690D972h
sub     eax, 4E84E513h
sub     eax, 900FD62Fh
xor     eax, 0E52A4772h
xor     eax, 36548A22h
not     eax
xor     eax, 65121803h
sub     eax, 6A20EDB3h
add     eax, 0AE9CCA2Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 348190BFh
xor     eax, 0F3BCD6B9h
add     eax, 43EB933Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0D877DF92h
xor     eax, 31927E0Eh
sub     eax, 43FE8BD1h
sub     eax, 0E6662FCEh
sub     eax, 0FA9CAC06h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 6C2B57AFh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3155DF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0FA25F35Dh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 73AA9CABh
sub     eax, 85FAE967h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A36C8550h
add     eax, 0E66C87EFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 585BDEC1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 3D99AF06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 4298EF88h
xor     eax, 0FFA7D027h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0F6FAD474h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 68856FB6h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 7013921Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 6AF7B8B2h
xor     eax, 0D7D18161h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0B82A211Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 4192F322h
xor     eax, 0DD31BB2Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 12134A23h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E474C8FFh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 3770E5A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 55841FD9h
sub     eax, 84DAEAE7h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0D3CCFF64h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 5BCBE9CEh
sub     eax, 0DF43E797h
sub     eax, 0C21475ABh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FBCE0EAEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A0DDC2C1h
xor     eax, 2920CE33h
add     eax, 91A758DBh
sub     eax, 0BA1D108Fh
sub     eax, 0C50DE727h
xor     eax, 56B2DA9Ah
xor     eax, 0E244DF2Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 50D82345h
add     eax, 7BF8815Dh
sub     eax, 0A015350Fh
xor     eax, 0A839AE74h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 3BFEC368h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 908FF231h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0FF5E5C07h
add     eax, 293DC4A2h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0BE3B4320h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 697BBF90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6360B1C1h
add     eax, 0D9B454EAh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 5B9D2ADDh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BF7A485Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 331099A6h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 2FA34F79h
add     eax, 0F2EBBBF0h
sub     eax, 53C2BC49h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 476ACBBCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0B352A2C6h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ACC39139h
sub     eax, 6A7FEEA3h
add     eax, 0F5460A19h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 73BFC028h
add     eax, 2FB1C51Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BB0E3730h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0B1D0A8A7h
sub     eax, 0DDC28C21h
add     eax, 3066FC28h
xor     eax, 9B894A83h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 857D2762h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FE3A3B4Dh
xor     eax, 13D6CB81h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0A020ABBBh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 42BA8A5Fh
sub     eax, 6B2EEC0Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 64106211h
xor     eax, 961DADC4h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 7655E886h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0EC3D01E2h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 8AA9C411h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CEA6DDDFh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EDA0E57Fh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0F9EE689Ch
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 6D1D0588h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 8DB3F96Eh
xor     eax, 0CB8A1157h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9E82A4BFh
sub     eax, 0A2A12E32h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C4954F14h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 739B098Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C7EC9DA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1FF011D7h
not     eax
add     eax, 8026C7E4h
add     eax, 778093FCh
xor     eax, 0B6DBDDBBh
xor     eax, 31D4BB00h
add     eax, 98DC7B3Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EF85400Ch
add     eax, 0FFFA0AA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F88FA6A5h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0C4CA29AAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 66CAF912h
not     eax
add     eax, 7C941EB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E75B7073h
sub     eax, 0D068B317h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 50BF384Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D8655D08h
xor     eax, 0D8279222h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E5F6F35Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EE5C6707h
add     eax, 0A41498FCh
add     eax, 1B78186Dh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 1307660Bh
add     eax, 0AE296101h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 519516D7h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D21D9D92h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 80C8C3AFh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 5C1156F9h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 789ADB2Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FB903344h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 20F3A3D2h
sub     eax, 36A024B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E551DF96h
xor     eax, 4C01B326h
xor     eax, 12222ED5h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0BCCEF327h
not     eax
sub     eax, 166187F8h
sub     eax, 25F0540Bh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 3D9E774Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0AA55ED5Bh
sub     eax, 0E04C0C25h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A455299Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0E561C316h
add     eax, 0FFE7A7A0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0C0D13CD7h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5618B2DDh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8090EF97h
sub     eax, 7F35DC24h
add     eax, 13A62995h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2922A016h
sub     eax, 0DFA60E8Fh
sub     eax, 0BDAD8DD8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F55590B0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D11C213Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0B61B6E74h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 7F0CA4F6h
add     eax, 0E4F2F5D5h
xor     eax, 33547519h
sub     eax, 0EADC7BB0h
add     eax, 2CA5A1BBh
xor     eax, 96F762FDh
sub     eax, 0B333816Ah
xor     eax, 32501CA6h
add     eax, 98EF79BEh
sub     eax, 0ADC59229h
xor     eax, 945F6340h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 348E06ADh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7690FCFDh
add     eax, 7DE76499h
not     eax
add     eax, 42AA6F52h
sub     eax, 9A144504h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 64BCBA9Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 5C495754h
add     eax, 2E2B9D87h
xor     eax, 0B6964FC5h
sub     eax, 6B411E47h
sub     eax, 9197B37Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 2621B726h
sub     eax, 422D7410h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0CE889B34h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3120F751h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2D4AA707h
sub     eax, 158D6FB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3FF5FF68h
add     eax, 0D1889CDFh
add     eax, 628E1A20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F31C600Fh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 83F49F00h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0EA38DFE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 82013192h
sub     eax, 288F6C4Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 990EC801h
sub     eax, 0E091E117h
add     eax, 4E8FAC7Eh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 54A53B7Dh
xor     eax, 5F19FBDAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B880F15Eh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0D6E65773h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C1C3112Ah
sub     eax, 0A14453E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 924567FBh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2FC75E04h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 1C72AC43h
add     eax, 544D6ADAh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0BFA08FCFh
sub     eax, 69003DAEh
sub     eax, 35049E9Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 3F4B5290h
add     eax, 0E7708DD1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 82E94EDAh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C4B14EB6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 57820B2Bh
sub     eax, 0C2CE83ADh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 945A3025h
sub     eax, 0E7F1FC96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 45D3AE8Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 179DF759h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 31F49969h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5CA90339h
xor     eax, 0FB1E74CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F194F92Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 7E7F905Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 889C56A3h
sub     eax, 416580A7h
add     eax, 5337D5A9h
add     eax, 2F9C63F3h
add     eax, 0BE1B39B2h
xor     eax, 0D6D74FF1h
add     eax, 26A37F55h
sub     eax, 87BC7F14h
xor     eax, 0AAA55900h
sub     eax, 91EF1B62h
add     eax, 57598DF0h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 6237D2D7h
xor     eax, 90F5A5A4h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 89C09497h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B80FCE8Dh
sub     eax, 0FA325E5Bh
xor     eax, 0ACD0B6F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 908B5053h
sub     eax, 0FFDEB145h
add     eax, 0B7852046h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2AB7279Fh
add     eax, 2A29BBA0h
add     eax, 0FEF3566Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B5E7584Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0ED245801h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DB51A0BAh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 5829CA46h
sub     eax, 0EFE0C3DBh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 77CA2F19h
sub     eax, 1E980FD5h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EC974761h
sub     eax, 0F3AEFEFCh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6140B505h
add     eax, 0DE10C4A6h
add     eax, 0F6FA0790h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B85479A1h
sub     eax, 49D4A3ABh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 7BB82866h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0B5BBF18Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3028E520h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 82A979DEh
xor     eax, 89466C08h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0BCE63446h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D91B17BCh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0EEC5691Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 7E5F3512h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3C466CB0h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 69363FB1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0ACFB8768h
sub     eax, 138B1CB1h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 776044AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 224A0715h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 86CD274Eh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 2B61C193h
add     eax, 0CE8A0019h
sub     eax, 895B7701h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 515A89D8h
sub     eax, 2823AE15h
xor     eax, 0BCCE6F16h
add     eax, 0F94C54B4h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 5F8AF64Ch
sub     eax, 44A6ED68h
sub     eax, 0F17824CCh
sub     eax, 0F873E26Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 14B9D1ABh
sub     eax, 910ABBA0h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9DD36884h
xor     eax, 4947A02Ch
sub     eax, 0D07D84BEh
sub     eax, 0B0860BF4h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A2B7D09Bh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0E35DF9EDh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0CE57FB5Fh
add     eax, 597F6658h
xor     eax, 9869366Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0BF01B0E3h
add     eax, 8A610EFBh
xor     eax, 32B326E4h
add     eax, 7BA8C5BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FB7CE368h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 3CB39522h
add     eax, 10731889h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0E0AF2F37h
add     eax, 0E4492046h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6B74318Dh
xor     eax, 0B5E5A4D0h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8523E1ADh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 3DF0CA83h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 640588E7h
sub     eax, 2566AA49h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0BFE1D2F9h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5B02B3C9h
xor     eax, 0CBB90B87h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 4BBE851Bh
sub     eax, 56DD49C2h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 6D5C51F4h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A0060B45h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0D9DAD83Ch
xor     eax, 6FA47182h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 88DBBB25h
add     eax, 0EFAFAE74h
add     eax, 0DA66810Dh
sub     eax, 2A7F670Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 1232ECEFh
sub     eax, 0A12927EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 8332CAA5h
sub     eax, 0CDA67B37h
xor     eax, 7C08115Fh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 40E6D8B4h
xor     eax, 1BF0920Bh
add     eax, 9A1F2FB0h
sub     eax, 9B3254D5h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 629E8775h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FA45316Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 8244A6C3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D67CBC9Eh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F6F75494h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0DE7ABC05h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2F71C53Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0E3B88C11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 466D0428h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DE779F21h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0A93F2023h
add     eax, 2AAB2E2Bh
xor     eax, 940E9DBFh
add     eax, 672DD108h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 77A9588Eh
add     eax, 0E74BC881h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0D9765249h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0D68F3885h
sub     eax, 93118330h
sub     eax, 0A4CAD07Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 6BB4CDF8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 23DE808Fh
add     eax, 9A86B294h
xor     eax, 6918963Ah
add     eax, 0B5F959B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BFCA4DDAh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9A5835F9h
add     eax, 1405913Dh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0DD503624h
add     eax, 0E20BE193h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0D02E6B4Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7867393Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0E9970AFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 424F7C0Ch
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 2FDF0040h
xor     eax, 18FB1BFDh
sub     eax, 0C59E1145h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0A386AE8Eh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 89FB6832h
sub     eax, 99A314C0h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0EEA8FDD5h
add     eax, 9CF40570h
sub     eax, 0B0D6CAFDh
sub     eax, 851BDB01h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E7E71AEFh
xor     eax, 42D79B68h
add     eax, 267F2440h
sub     eax, 35FEC5B8h
sub     eax, 875F7655h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FF82C7F8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B07C46A4h
sub     eax, 0ED31EA6Fh
add     eax, 0F99228C8h
sub     eax, 0EEF6C982h
sub     eax, 71301183h
add     eax, 26B48C7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 6D328103h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0F1F8068Fh
add     eax, 381E8003h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 66675AF5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0A135944Eh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 5C1512F6h
xor     eax, 2B8DD9E4h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B79C6001h
xor     eax, 452611CAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1BCAC705h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0BE788474h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BEAF40B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4F61FA7Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0D9C2E129h
add     eax, 0D382F94Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B2022B0Dh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 15293C82h
xor     eax, 0D56BBDEEh
xor     eax, 0D4A09990h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8ABAD9D4h
sub     eax, 0AE0D39ABh
add     eax, 575E1A1Eh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0ECFED7CBh
sub     eax, 0D029D0D0h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 55C434A9h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0E6EA1021h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0CDEE3461h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 3238A13Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EADA58F9h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 95F67B3Fh
sub     eax, 0DBF87318h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FE17D3C4h
add     eax, 344A99A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0A838D4A4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0C6CBFAEFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F180AECAh
xor     eax, 0F45791C8h
sub     eax, 0C34ADE0Ah
sub     eax, 0DBBD90C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DA0B5710h
xor     eax, 1C4135A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 27B636C3h
sub     eax, 0E4F7FB8Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 520AAF93h
add     eax, 1793A91Ch
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 882D0015h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC5520B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0D82E72B2h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7FD345E6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 1F69017Ah
xor     eax, 1AF6CF54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5C68F3B2h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0C742A82Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1413151Ah
sub     eax, 0E42908AEh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 8095629Eh
sub     eax, 216C42AEh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0AD37E53Fh
sub     eax, 34CA5B16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 94CA5E69h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F117B834h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0A7AB64C2h
xor     eax, 3843DEEDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E11F45AEh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 6E440CF9h
sub     eax, 65004834h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D699E3EDh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0B9588599h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0CEBDBC17h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0D9F397ACh
sub     eax, 16F977EAh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 89663F54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5FA90C5Bh
sub     eax, 8EC0E4BBh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8D276319h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 1DD96EC4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 660D2085h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 7EC5BAB6h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 7E3E0285h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B6BFBB24h
xor     eax, 0F51E9FC1h
sub     eax, 469D24BDh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F5A3FFCAh
sub     eax, 0CBCD068Ch
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F08CFA45h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 1DC0A4E5h
xor     eax, 0CA9D8C4Ch
sub     eax, 7808AA13h
xor     eax, 0B0DCC0EEh
sub     eax, 3DF8C0C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 9518EF90h
add     eax, 0C4FBE301h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E93F517Ah
xor     eax, 97CE9AFFh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2AD5C1C0h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 22CF1027h
sub     eax, 5174961Ah
sub     eax, 9DE3E5ABh
xor     eax, 0F7137CBCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 4227E31Bh
add     eax, 0A08FA028h
xor     eax, 93377115h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 12827D68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 70213384h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BDCBC70Fh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 5CADD10Fh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0B3F16EA9h
add     eax, 0F947063Eh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 232E8F17h
add     eax, 8D3B1532h
add     eax, 6D87529Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CC6C52DFh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 52120B2Eh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 3CC9E8DBh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0C3A6DF73h
sub     eax, 768D6914h
xor     eax, 7D2EEC94h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 1956A57Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 67CDA9E4h
add     eax, 0F2B60C75h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0E1E5178Eh
xor     eax, 0C3B44126h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0A0F1AD3Eh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0ADFF54BBh
xor     eax, 56E526A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 604786A9h
xor     eax, 0AE6F5DC1h
sub     eax, 3D3D585Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E569ACF9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FB870DD8h
sub     eax, 630751ABh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 1033582Ch
add     eax, 97FD10C6h
sub     eax, 90859A58h
xor     eax, 97AB6242h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 3BE9659Bh
xor     eax, 38F24B72h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 784AD49Ch
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 3B6E28C7h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A54E7BADh
sub     eax, 0CDFE8267h
sub     eax, 7EF02D80h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 45ED95D8h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 19170C58h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 8CCF8D18h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0B205608Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0D5FAE790h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1A82BF86h
add     eax, 0BF59572Ah
add     eax, 516C8316h
add     eax, 34362A50h
not     eax
xor     eax, 57179A02h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 38E62007h
xor     eax, 19E68116h
add     eax, 300470A2h
add     eax, 3D9F7F31h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0BE8128DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0F7B949BFh
sub     eax, 0C98433FEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 34F379F9h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 221C6A44h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D2434B0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 44CFEDE1h
sub     eax, 9ED97D40h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D17F460Ch
add     eax, 0EA2A6547h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 84D79CCFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F7A84144h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 732007CBh
sub     eax, 7CE43494h
sub     eax, 0E5A5173Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 44009B85h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0FA994404h
sub     eax, 0E77C3661h
add     eax, 7B6B0D07h
xor     eax, 229093EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0D3C64AFFh
xor     eax, 648404DDh
sub     eax, 875C60DCh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0DAACF031h
xor     eax, 0CD866C2Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 216BBD11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 258FADEFh
xor     eax, 0E50E754Ah
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 1E4C179Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 4D755E49h
sub     eax, 0F2DF24B5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 21A4DCF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2E1F2145h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0F9D3F951h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 6C3E50D9h
add     eax, 9F5A5D7Eh
add     eax, 5B910C2Eh
add     eax, 0CF644E8Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0DF0E8876h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 430AD348h
add     eax, 25DE4BE2h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 65D528E6h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 16AD1062h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BF7B26E4h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0B2599BF3h
xor     eax, 0D48BC3EBh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F2BA829Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 95E669B3h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1A0D9F45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F3508AF1h
xor     eax, 2973AE92h
xor     eax, 0EF89F1EAh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 842BFEBDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0BE34BE7Ch
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 917D7932h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E36D38D7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DF9154D3h
add     eax, 8728C9ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 626CA765h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D602C291h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F3C725ABh
add     eax, 91B22763h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0D4A61883h
xor     eax, 0BC728FCFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6C0E0A05h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 9E2A5005h
add     eax, 42C898F6h
add     eax, 0D42235B1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4BD33F2Ah
xor     eax, 4C9C82DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 40B51DE1h
xor     eax, 3160BCBEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0FD11713Ah
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 0A335418Eh
xor     eax, 6B663AF1h
xor     eax, 95C04A67h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 3224B685h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CF9EFEFBh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8BF0BC32h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DBA45E85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DD593128h
sub     eax, 8C904987h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 31FE1636h
not     eax
add     eax, 1494C554h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 566DFABEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A6701419h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 821683E9h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0A5B577EBh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0CF955386h
xor     eax, 2C1E50A9h
xor     eax, 0B0E3693Ch
add     eax, 0B1F9F616h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CE1CE061h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9852F897h
xor     eax, 8E6E1337h
add     eax, 9E04AE91h
xor     eax, 0B2F4B210h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C973EA57h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5B923ECCh
sub     eax, 7945926Dh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 64A994E6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 84375E55h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FAFD06E0h
sub     eax, 0C0CAA87Bh
sub     eax, 96714959h
xor     eax, 4ECE121Bh
sub     eax, 0AB15E6BBh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 642EB35Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 7D96FAC6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BBE89DB6h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 7BC7A09Eh
add     eax, 0D13E6CF4h
sub     eax, 7257DEB9h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 568E52C0h
xor     eax, 15C379AFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DBBD7324h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D115DCA8h
xor     eax, 0EE1F0B46h
add     eax, 0AA2EC9A9h
xor     eax, 8E10720Ch
add     eax, 0B635DB27h
add     eax, 9F7293A4h
add     eax, 7C0E4B0Ah
sub     eax, 50FAF5D5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E001B98Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CE4ACDD1h
add     eax, 8DCE7E3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EF037032h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 88CF9981h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A20C064Ch
xor     eax, 0D7822CDEh
add     eax, 0F72140CCh
xor     eax, 0CBA6A316h
sub     eax, 876570F3h
sub     eax, 0CA9B8C14h
xor     eax, 86E89A85h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C0D46008h
add     eax, 0EAA18506h
xor     eax, 4E979BA7h
xor     eax, 8DC5B64Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 524ACFA7h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0CCBEA0BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 10B5A7AEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8CA89DFCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A4D2F9BEh
add     eax, 668ACD7Ch
xor     eax, 5AFAD1ADh
add     eax, 50133894h
xor     eax, 0FE81BC75h
add     eax, 0B1720B34h
add     eax, 346ABD3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1702EF3Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8F6EF26Bh
sub     eax, 0A7FE59CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FBD38492h
xor     eax, 0B11DF8C1h
xor     eax, 993CB749h
xor     eax, 0FDF0AF16h
sub     eax, 95798474h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EAE131F3h
sub     eax, 0FC2CAD3Eh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 44C06BA1h
add     eax, 5F300667h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 830CBBE0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 8444CE6Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B75CDEBCh
xor     eax, 0AD3775FEh
xor     eax, 273B7250h
sub     eax, 0EFE9A313h
sub     eax, 55C4B526h
sub     eax, 0C1B3A274h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0CFFC6832h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 393505D6h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0BCAA534Fh
add     eax, 643543F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 24A6E1F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E5FE0CEEh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 7EE24A31h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 6D92FED9h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 4E59C708h
sub     eax, 990C114Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E5974ADCh
add     eax, 31BF0625h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0B086B0C6h
xor     eax, 585FE27Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E60C6BBCh
add     eax, 0CC9434FFh
sub     eax, 0AFBFDE6Fh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 5D6C216Fh
add     eax, 0B47913F7h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 22FDD2D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3B5DA7CAh
xor     eax, 75702187h
not     eax
add     eax, 9A7AA1CDh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0C51336B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F5EADAF8h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0F8113972h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 5EC7D91Ch
xor     eax, 948783DBh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ECFB38D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 55A07F60h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0FA5E21C7h
xor     eax, 77C8EF4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FBFC360Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0DE70D7DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DE0862BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AC2931B5h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 9F9803EFh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 164E0446h
sub     eax, 0C8FD78D9h
sub     eax, 7837DE41h
xor     eax, 0A1E7BDEDh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 88C41B1Bh
xor     eax, 0D82D41F2h
xor     eax, 55B401B9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 44AAAAEDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 1A2F5358h
sub     eax, 7B1F5C5Fh
sub     eax, 1142DC2Ch
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0B1907D26h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CF5A6A28h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FA647C87h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 6B274EF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7AA547F3h
xor     eax, 0B619D93Ah
add     eax, 3B86276Eh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 63879C91h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 14AFD4C8h
sub     eax, 0A1E3C86Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7C92243Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6F3F7D4Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0F3F8F538h
add     eax, 1F488D7Dh
xor     eax, 9755417Bh
add     eax, 0A1723395h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C300FC6Eh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 814C6368h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0BBB0BF74h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 40458ED6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FEEC1238h
sub     eax, 83A1171Eh
sub     eax, 5B4DD44Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 96E085F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7FFA50DAh
add     eax, 60137C4Fh
add     eax, 0E3F65163h
xor     eax, 0E9DE5648h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D3D2EB1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0FB295322h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A2268A89h
sub     eax, 793CE2BCh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0BA480BC5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 41A233F0h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 601059C4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5E4F9C27h
not     eax
add     eax, 9ADBE6BEh
xor     eax, 0AFA74558h
add     eax, 4A5A2F29h
xor     eax, 0FA65F628h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 93541AE5h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 6307AC8Eh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 47D4F837h
sub     eax, 0A9FA1B32h
sub     eax, 0D5E19793h
sub     eax, 77B2547Dh
add     eax, 0DEBB5E50h
sub     eax, 86CC81D3h
add     eax, 4F120AE7h
sub     eax, 0C5F655F6h
add     eax, 0F9F30D63h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C67FCC47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 6776C97Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0FF0C0A67h
sub     eax, 0DEAAFC72h
sub     eax, 4D0BC113h
xor     eax, 0F5BE6F3Dh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 40F84BD5h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0D788AAF3h
add     eax, 5077DD6Eh
xor     eax, 28F4E331h
xor     eax, 4853FC62h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 11AA996Fh
add     eax, 0D017BC8Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 99B13BFFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 1A16E994h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E27AB1A3h
sub     eax, 0D125F849h
sub     eax, 0BFC48B08h
sub     eax, 81C2D9AAh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 676EEDA4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2B8B42E3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 236DB65Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 100AB3D1h
xor     eax, 0E1E1C317h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 13E1A6BCh
add     eax, 0B1E4BB6Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 69FF0B49h
add     eax, 0DFC862CAh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0CCA82295h
add     eax, 114087A0h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 6D9FEF75h
add     eax, 0B07E8855h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 663921E8h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4B09433Ch
xor     eax, 739D61ECh
xor     eax, 8E2D26A8h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 58F9BA8Ah
xor     eax, 0ADB1867Fh
xor     eax, 48BBBE4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 79036E1Fh
sub     eax, 0A6AC9DE4h
sub     eax, 2E389BEEh
add     eax, 6CCF5C09h
xor     eax, 0D85B6FB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 8FEE0C17h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 1C0D4A7Eh
xor     eax, 21F3A70Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A7709C21h
sub     eax, 414C026Dh
add     eax, 5AF7EF08h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0C329E26Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EB0AB956h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 391AE3D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DE118EBEh
sub     eax, 0B0D56E50h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D4452381h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E34CD7FEh
add     eax, 5292DFE3h
not     eax
add     eax, 40C17760h
add     eax, 9728D789h
sub     eax, 8D8A0A15h
xor     eax, 154B2628h
add     eax, 0F4788063h
add     eax, 0EFDF0FE6h
sub     eax, 1B1AC633h
add     eax, 0A4C13571h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 8BAEDACBh
sub     eax, 0B73C0683h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 2F370C1Eh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0BB404025h
xor     eax, 0BBDA5BE0h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4746B7F9h
sub     eax, 4F2A72D6h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C423837Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 263FC0B4h
add     eax, 0C933BE8Ah
xor     eax, 79C9CCFAh
add     eax, 0E0E415F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EE6F541Fh
add     eax, 0EBEC7791h
add     eax, 4C962238h
xor     eax, 8DDF6B34h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 9CFCD9E5h
add     eax, 0F00C2811h
sub     eax, 38511D89h
xor     eax, 0E4A5F67Dh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7D227C06h
add     eax, 0B0546DE3h
add     eax, 559A5E2Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0FFF8561Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 43D5C610h
sub     eax, 3915BED3h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E82D867Fh
sub     eax, 0D842B50Bh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 7A5917BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 47F9CE6Eh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 598267BCh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2DC84438h
add     eax, 0DAFE7755h
sub     eax, 4DFD4FF2h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0DAED0768h
sub     eax, 0BD3FCDE9h
add     eax, 80884A3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C3B461A0h
sub     eax, 301CC784h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0DA2792BEh
add     eax, 93CA7123h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 59123643h
add     eax, 8E70F5F1h
sub     eax, 3CFA4516h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0EEBBC6E8h
sub     eax, 44BD461Eh
add     eax, 9DEB9642h
add     eax, 0EA49E943h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3BDD17C0h
xor     eax, 0FDA82D79h
xor     eax, 7C0EC41Ah
sub     eax, 620E3F46h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 930A07D4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E23BC870h
xor     eax, 0D3AE8A1Dh
add     eax, 5CC1C837h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 540CEE56h
not     eax
xor     eax, 30A6C8F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 193458C7h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 204A7944h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 5DFBD9A7h
xor     eax, 99939F33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C9300BF3h
xor     eax, 0DD69F714h
xor     eax, 0E73871CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D7C1567Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E5EEDDD8h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 4FC50123h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6D94A0B6h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 3EF95ADEh
sub     eax, 650F3F05h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 2ADAB10Bh
xor     eax, 0C08ED7C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 8640C1D9h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0A6119616h
add     eax, 0B307ECF8h
add     eax, 3C6266F4h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ACDC41FDh
sub     eax, 0C899E9FCh
xor     eax, 53531E94h
sub     eax, 0E139D43Ch
xor     eax, 62337E0Fh
xor     eax, 0D145BBD4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C363BFEFh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 2077E6ABh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 35468224h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 3BB28DF0h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 7BDAA66Fh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 987E329Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 96EE20C3h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0BF30EABBh
add     eax, 0BCB0D327h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 62E89FFAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3F43C2BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 78CCF03Ah
sub     eax, 0F16C08B1h
sub     eax, 166938F4h
sub     eax, 3F5E1747h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0A316AFF7h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 8EE88511h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4BFB7824h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0C7900CCCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 887810CBh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B2EB57A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7D99DC1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5C432520h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 82804884h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0C648ABFCh
sub     eax, 550DEA03h
sub     eax, 6719D2E3h
xor     eax, 11C180E2h
xor     eax, 0EB1FD866h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BB3E940Dh
add     eax, 4AE00911h
xor     eax, 0FB004270h
sub     eax, 0CAFDEA70h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0C2B26CF2h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 3367745Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 4E03169Ch
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C5B18FB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0ECD9C016h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0C6A46889h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F06B62C3h
sub     eax, 0D661F1E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 4041F1D2h
xor     eax, 2312BCF2h
xor     eax, 3F11FB3Bh
xor     eax, 73849E47h
sub     eax, 0EB0BAF37h
add     eax, 5C0D4F25h
xor     eax, 0B0BEAA84h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 5747AAFBh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C3306D80h
xor     eax, 8809EEC0h
xor     eax, 6CB3AA38h
add     eax, 440FFB22h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0CA103EF6h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 84FC94EDh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 470D5068h
add     eax, 866F6FDEh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E4D25F07h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 36BC018Bh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 4ADCCA3Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 90D299FBh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0A5C40EFDh
add     eax, 47785911h
sub     eax, 5FC9309Dh
add     eax, 23A9F9F7h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 520B3401h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BA0A1730h
xor     eax, 77064E5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 139203D6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0DF5B5910h
sub     eax, 0DAD2AC3Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D8F83CADh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0FE6B76DEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 4771D03Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 7FA74F4Dh
sub     eax, 8DF9EC95h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BBA6EC8Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 845D28D7h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 4F43EBA5h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 8E0E39C2h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0B2355BA8h
xor     eax, 0F310E39Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D3829A9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AE9230ACh
xor     eax, 71E4600Ah
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 7334A996h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A7DEE1A1h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 3EADC20Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 29617360h
not     eax
sub     eax, 326F2BA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F549C48Ch
add     eax, 0AC7F0D54h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8DA6DE43h
xor     eax, 8265227Ch
sub     eax, 0A66FAE0Bh
sub     eax, 99360548h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 3A624C37h
xor     eax, 921915A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BF8D82B3h
add     eax, 0DA3ABF02h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CC35F56Eh
sub     eax, 0D9F42FD9h
xor     eax, 0C08B62A9h
add     eax, 0B030BAE4h
add     eax, 0C5CF1706h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 891199CEh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0CF1CEFEEh
xor     eax, 59C42209h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 3502957Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F76A6AE5h
add     eax, 5255AFF4h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0DD5EF354h
sub     eax, 6F77CED8h
add     eax, 0AAE561CCh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 8C1E2EF1h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EFC9F733h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 1BDA94C9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 829D26CBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 20CD77B4h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 752773FAh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0B800E7DAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0DABFA418h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0BCF86AE0h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0B6CFB6C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 22A9A667h
xor     eax, 1BEA2061h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 61FBAB30h
add     eax, 0CDCA8AA9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D6C3DC1Ch
xor     eax, 0B280D926h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 72639940h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0D83C95A2h
add     eax, 9589BB8Ch
xor     eax, 705C0C97h
sub     eax, 0EF4C7766h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C16288A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D59B5459h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0B3CCFE1Eh
add     eax, 714AC53Ah
sub     eax, 13C965E4h
xor     eax, 10637860h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BDCCE73Fh
xor     eax, 4CD70B02h
xor     eax, 0B591D9E1h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 3EE86195h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C22EB876h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 3287A8DBh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C440749Dh
xor     eax, 74720E3Eh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 792BF661h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0E9A021EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C36F5804h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C0CC9B4Bh
add     eax, 0A2F7B786h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 62466A60h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C0584BE0h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 6C4DC03Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 62625A9Ch
xor     eax, 0F3A8D3BAh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0BA48EF6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E4D668C0h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 4F3C2673h
add     eax, 0BB9BA330h
add     eax, 0B482E8F1h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 86FCD7D2h
sub     eax, 8AF3A703h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0B4948F30h
xor     eax, 7825F858h
xor     eax, 86C14B5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6187ED74h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 66D62558h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 57D3ACCEh
xor     eax, 51A5FF26h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 80B0FC5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 311EB4A6h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 13B02BD9h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 13E8D0B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 324EA07Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B2443DEDh
add     eax, 0B35741ADh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 39D507E8h
not     eax
add     eax, 12D7018Ch
xor     eax, 4D27F877h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 111C3EB6h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 44BE73ACh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 9AF5D811h
add     eax, 8B4BCEA5h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 882EC132h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0CB1B6C1Fh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 510E15EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0A00F1599h
xor     eax, 0DF5948F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2CDA03AAh
xor     eax, 0DBE1114Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0FC528E1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 419ADEC6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A42B0636h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E13D5696h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 452932D7h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0D096EECEh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0B235783Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F7A82902h
sub     eax, 6FE8D7D4h
xor     eax, 0F5A932F1h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0C32B94B1h
not     eax
add     eax, 764D435Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0D044EB64h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 77213AA2h
add     eax, 3871CCD5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F2C5E3F7h
add     eax, 62DD2DEBh
xor     eax, 1D05F690h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 3A380A93h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C2B14B4h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0D5592434h
not     eax
add     eax, 496FC1B6h
add     eax, 0F65C26F7h
add     eax, 51758C02h
xor     eax, 0DC0B87F5h
add     eax, 92E8C780h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 61339520h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 14AFE2ACh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0E1143123h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0E980C06Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 4F386C3Ch
add     eax, 4FF62041h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2900F37Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F31A10B8h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 1F549CF9h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 69135476h
not     eax
sub     eax, 56B77E5Ch
xor     eax, 0DBB028C6h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 99B2156Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5B30A7DBh
add     eax, 3B848190h
sub     eax, 0F19FFDF5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8D3A149Ah
add     eax, 562C25C1h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C0AB9033h
sub     eax, 4C6C1CB6h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C0A52DD5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E6AFEE7Ah
add     eax, 93717BA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 5A1EB130h
sub     eax, 46A15CA2h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 73F0E5AAh
add     eax, 22D44819h
xor     eax, 0EC13C0C8h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 3A6D17ECh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0DF815914h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0E0E59063h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0DE5267A3h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 38EEDF1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4C27731Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 16D70276h
add     eax, 59F2B248h
xor     eax, 0BA512324h
xor     eax, 0B7D3D573h
sub     eax, 6A0A0733h
sub     eax, 0C58E7448h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DE05AC5Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 55304B35h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 80C1EB9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0A831D3B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 14130570h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 61AA4BBBh
xor     eax, 0ADEFA7B3h
sub     eax, 5E55E12Bh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 1458FFE1h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 4A293347h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 53DA3A91h
xor     eax, 0A3D6C0A1h
sub     eax, 0CA80CEE0h
add     eax, 13DD9104h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0A5E9761Ch
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 66BF4FC7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C0A40EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 61DE9482h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 748CE3B9h
xor     eax, 293DB229h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4B13309Fh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 9EBDE4A3h
add     eax, 52707E65h
sub     eax, 0E5D17AE7h
add     eax, 5845E97Bh
xor     eax, 60048576h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3C3265A4h
sub     eax, 317AA91Ch
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 413379F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5DD8DFFAh
sub     eax, 83B7E941h
add     eax, 44828B38h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 67C3F54Bh
xor     eax, 45524E23h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AD423467h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 1777EF3Ah
sub     eax, 0A1B9E4E9h
sub     eax, 1FFF8471h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D859B0D5h
xor     eax, 0FD0F4675h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A4871DDAh
xor     eax, 894828DFh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0E0EBD142h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0C29CE741h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5D86ACFEh
sub     eax, 510780AEh
xor     eax, 23B2AAA7h
sub     eax, 8710E0A4h
xor     eax, 0A809D4D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 399C2008h
xor     eax, 37FD8527h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7CB429C7h
add     eax, 0AE2D2A36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 3D3A1732h
xor     eax, 8B6C7E70h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 4D1E1B91h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 2D2385B8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0FBC95F70h
add     eax, 0BE30F1F9h
add     eax, 564EDA53h
not     eax
add     eax, 89EC4CC5h
add     eax, 9C0295B9h
xor     eax, 4CFE574Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0C866229Ah
add     eax, 7427D0D4h
sub     eax, 3E31695Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 902976F0h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 252F883Eh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 7371E6E4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 587D958Fh
add     eax, 4075E155h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 102744FBh
add     eax, 0B9859E9Dh
sub     eax, 937F4D17h
add     eax, 0CF0FF310h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6ABE5804h
sub     eax, 21F21522h
add     eax, 0D012EC07h
xor     eax, 63E4F8E6h
xor     eax, 50726847h
xor     eax, 873CEB7Bh
add     eax, 513EB222h
xor     eax, 0F0735CB6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0E7603C68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 82A888B5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4CB83533h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F2F08A69h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0B968DA50h
sub     eax, 450CF4EAh
sub     eax, 0BAD4B0FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B58B88E4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 84E9D8E1h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0A4FECC08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 43CAB4BDh
sub     eax, 0C8C56261h
sub     eax, 6F18C5A4h
sub     eax, 0DD4BB053h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D7E197BFh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0A81A28F0h
xor     eax, 4756F7B0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F7D6804Dh
add     eax, 3C7BE127h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4F20BC8Dh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D3A2B5F9h
xor     eax, 0A6B4D158h
xor     eax, 6A530015h
sub     eax, 0BBBAE4CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5DB1A5D6h
xor     eax, 0EB8657AEh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B32B4ECFh
sub     eax, 2E93C870h
add     eax, 0F941CA0Dh
xor     eax, 9C903E00h
sub     eax, 2BDC381Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 70778A61h
add     eax, 875CC78Fh
sub     eax, 0E42EDECAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 8F94EF2Eh
sub     eax, 5669D86Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F7250D70h
sub     eax, 0F59C592Ah
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 3E8D88B7h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 97A7370Eh
add     eax, 7DE504DBh
sub     eax, 0B81C6636h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 58022CD8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 719F531Dh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 1906C852h
sub     eax, 7E12C0FAh
xor     eax, 73669830h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2D77B167h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0A585C4B4h
xor     eax, 0D4AB0DD0h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F3AFA9D6h
add     eax, 18D04C44h
sub     eax, 25C4DC95h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 2761031Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CFA7E0E6h
sub     eax, 53D99FCAh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 284CBDE5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 696C2647h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 7A72B150h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7218E48Dh
xor     eax, 9C560CE5h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 31A4EA76h
xor     eax, 5B2E0B44h
add     eax, 0E76B3232h
xor     eax, 0ADC2BF4Bh
xor     eax, 0E1B0785Ch
xor     eax, 5C3BC3FBh
sub     eax, 0ED9BAADDh
xor     eax, 2B2C8A5Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0F01AD007h
add     eax, 600B3986h
sub     eax, 8ED06E63h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F8453561h
add     eax, 5218BC40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F467B5F6h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 91FA9BD5h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 74F484B7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0D02E264Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 3DDEF145h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 3CB8E1E6h
sub     eax, 954C5B07h
xor     eax, 7DD87FE4h
sub     eax, 8AFA83DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 56A0E06Eh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 396A21D6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 91E35AE5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0DE2D9A59h
add     eax, 97C69B09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 187924D4h
xor     eax, 48737CC6h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0CC86FF75h
sub     eax, 9D9765BFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 22751BC2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6FA51EA7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A59C10E2h
sub     eax, 3883EEF2h
sub     eax, 0B821E7C7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9C5B2987h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0B0BB498Dh
add     eax, 5AD5CD15h
xor     eax, 64D14C9Ah
xor     eax, 7E84ED79h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 47D66322h
sub     eax, 2AD58094h
sub     eax, 683BF003h
sub     eax, 2BA9D81Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B1381081h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 98C9CAA9h
add     eax, 2C56F067h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0FE2B6820h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5654E0F8h
xor     eax, 9A4B6B5Dh
xor     eax, 0E9850415h
add     eax, 0F0B3F7A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 497CDFD5h
add     eax, 9903A4FBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C704324Dh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6210226Ch
sub     eax, 855181B0h
sub     eax, 983D3923h
sub     eax, 50DC7F30h
xor     eax, 0BF81B1F1h
add     eax, 4A1F54A1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CA0C1334h
add     eax, 2C2EBE47h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 6E9C3917h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 9A5E73B3h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0F580C392h
xor     eax, 0D963A0B7h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0F1C06A68h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 357D2255h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1AA95677h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 753AE755h
add     eax, 4C744B74h
sub     eax, 91BF82CAh
add     eax, 0A0FEE75Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 33B10029h
add     eax, 6A5230E6h
sub     eax, 63AB33CEh
xor     eax, 45DC71C3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0EF7FE615h
sub     eax, 49C812D7h
sub     eax, 0D6524A9Dh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A7D98331h
add     eax, 0B48E9B19h
xor     eax, 0E9ACBBD4h
add     eax, 4B8AE3DCh
add     eax, 46AAE315h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 199BEEF2h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0FDE1D476h
sub     eax, 2FB68377h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 247B8791h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 6DD5AB0Bh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 2269D119h
xor     eax, 0E34B9133h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0A66566C3h
sub     eax, 4CB5F771h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B645555Bh
xor     eax, 0C5ACD2E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8DA4685Fh
sub     eax, 8E935D7Ah
sub     eax, 0EF98FB5Dh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 9E82675Ch
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 163FF00Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0BEE96B35h
add     eax, 6D4AD86Ch
sub     eax, 30324BF0h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 86C6825Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D785FD01h
xor     eax, 0AD8FC18Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 80391D35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2051890Bh
sub     eax, 0BC917614h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BEC9BA33h
not     eax
add     eax, 957B7E86h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 27A16A0Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 5288B084h
sub     eax, 0D4CFA955h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0A49F1D9Bh
sub     eax, 0EF8D07F5h
xor     eax, 0C8E1DF42h
sub     eax, 96194534h
add     eax, 0B95126C2h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 4852A1A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E7556BA0h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 71A211A6h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 106D41F4h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 63D221FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0CEF7BF78h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 4D34DE26h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 2EB73F5Ch
sub     eax, 9DA05521h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 576A1239h
not     eax
add     eax, 52068F62h
xor     eax, 9F2F29D4h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0C6308053h
sub     eax, 9EFE7417h
sub     eax, 5CD4F5A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F45EF7F1h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EACF435Fh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 4EA15F14h
sub     eax, 0C9336201h
xor     eax, 38BB9863h
add     eax, 5E1C893Bh
xor     eax, 3DD709EBh
xor     eax, 71CA573Eh
sub     eax, 0F43E6618h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 93FE7429h
xor     eax, 0ED5B21D5h
xor     eax, 0EB85B1C5h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 1E1FF633h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 13DAE375h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0F471FD2Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 2413EEE4h
sub     eax, 696FFDF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 6627F30Dh
add     eax, 490CC3F9h
xor     eax, 0FBB0583Ah
add     eax, 0F331F45Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 373FDBE1h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 4333A622h
add     eax, 53713617h
sub     eax, 7DC01BABh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2F2E3A4Dh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 7BAC1821h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 6B980D63h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0B47231CDh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 1035BC62h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 1E3E301Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 63B95414h
sub     eax, 3E0B49A7h
add     eax, 82F5BB97h
add     eax, 0A927EDB3h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A4F4ED0h
xor     eax, 81487F06h
sub     eax, 55B1075Ah
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0E14C4C55h
sub     eax, 17117817h
xor     eax, 5D80CD39h
sub     eax, 0E54F7630h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0AAD3B7D3h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 76D3A84Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 75D6C473h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0D100BC7Bh
xor     eax, 63F4AE52h
sub     eax, 0B3C7A1CCh
xor     eax, 35F272BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E2A564E5h
xor     eax, 0BE4E4E09h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D0B30933h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AF895710h
xor     eax, 0A11AEEF5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FB827A63h
add     eax, 675BF098h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1989CD25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7D8079F9h
add     eax, 0C5557B38h
sub     eax, 0DA041802h
sub     eax, 67720EAFh
sub     eax, 4EA1E256h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F621713Bh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 66221C62h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6AEAD797h
add     eax, 0E9F75A9Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4EF65267h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 700D6A63h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EFD98105h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 26E4A62Fh
sub     eax, 9974DA67h
sub     eax, 377F2E2Dh
xor     eax, 51CA6BB2h
add     eax, 0CFC87E97h
xor     eax, 6ED391BDh
add     eax, 68DB5376h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0B501756Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 1162D3D3h
add     eax, 0CB398F87h
not     eax
add     eax, 901EEE8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 410CA41Dh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 577074EFh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4684DB96h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0F3DD0E0Eh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 6888FB93h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 1B3EB2E6h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C0854AB7h
sub     eax, 4ACD3A07h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F82BB2AAh
add     eax, 15B8CA3Dh
add     eax, 0A5AD325Ah
add     eax, 0F3D47E3Eh
add     eax, 0B9E63235h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 5DBD6858h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0E4F668D8h
sub     eax, 5234CDD1h
add     eax, 356E8751h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 75960599h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 460676F4h
add     eax, 37FE4B7Ah
sub     eax, 0DE5AC88Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2B9608A5h
not     eax
add     eax, 6D7B559Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B0ACD458h
xor     eax, 0E9A209E3h
sub     eax, 0DF950748h
not     eax
add     eax, 170E34DBh
add     eax, 85725294h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0F921B340h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 5807C901h
add     eax, 549A18F1h
xor     eax, 0CFACFAFFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 8DDF0CBEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 732981CBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E73783BDh
add     eax, 0D06555FBh
sub     eax, 4AEEED6Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7CEBDBBAh
sub     eax, 0BCF5215Fh
xor     eax, 239FBC78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B81BA5A3h
add     eax, 0BA2D5CEEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 3D7B6019h
sub     eax, 3B5E5085h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 4995DADFh
add     eax, 89860F84h
xor     eax, 0F89E5128h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0D2AF3832h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0F339CF56h
add     eax, 7A3DCF53h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FF5ACBF8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 538D2115h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4902EB2Fh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 34A8E3ACh
add     eax, 20158393h
xor     eax, 0E87A0C2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 1E028703h
sub     eax, 9EC27C52h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AE0A7C60h
sub     eax, 9B0476DFh
add     eax, 22FA0BBBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A58005DAh
add     eax, 0B387F344h
xor     eax, 3726D78Dh
xor     eax, 0A5AA0FBAh
sub     eax, 4F2B2602h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 996D0F16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 90CFEB03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0FC33E030h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 1A5288D6h
xor     eax, 0AA318917h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 66310E4Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1194AC4Ch
sub     eax, 36DB7A10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 766102CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4B7FA372h
add     eax, 0ABDEC3FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BD26372Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0CF876E2Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 13B91E85h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7184162Dh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 20A795E8h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0F09E578Ch
xor     eax, 37D4A24Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 18FAA3EBh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 9C9DB33Ch
xor     eax, 18E51A54h
sub     eax, 58CE4B8Ch
xor     eax, 0E5ECF04Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 1A9F2A26h
add     eax, 69EEB940h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 16BE144Fh
sub     eax, 0AB85DC1Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 4F5A972Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 2ABF7F65h
add     eax, 0C94E9458h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 468F34E6h
sub     eax, 670CF6FBh
xor     eax, 0BBB4D5CCh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 9490C940h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3F60C652h
sub     eax, 310D5142h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9BC6F62Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AF699BDBh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F0B79BA4h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6BAB95F0h
add     eax, 4D828A94h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 816D68FAh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 30776CFFh
add     eax, 8BCEC18Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C723B1DAh
add     eax, 0E4B2E998h
sub     eax, 27502415h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 47B781EBh
add     eax, 0BDE4C033h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 5E662281h
add     eax, 0C75A15E9h
xor     eax, 0D09AF724h
xor     eax, 0A278700Bh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 4E4CB2E2h
add     eax, 0D2334151h
add     eax, 208BB35Fh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 7823E954h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 124A407Ch
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 49E17F41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4268700Bh
xor     eax, 44BEE43Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D94B1792h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4C7A6970h
sub     eax, 0C436DAF7h
add     eax, 0B7E6C8F3h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CA2C810Bh
add     eax, 0D2BED940h
add     eax, 26201C9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B63130A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E4D7AF37h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 1BF955AEh
sub     eax, 76869E07h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0F087F01Fh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 87EB7400h
sub     eax, 0C616CE3Ch
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C5A88B16h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 1087E050h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6D9B0796h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 37BAB440h
xor     eax, 37F623A7h
sub     eax, 706BD56Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CCC79837h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3B8BB499h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EFA09B1Dh
sub     eax, 56E3C1EBh
sub     eax, 24957CB5h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 94319FEEh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DBB28494h
sub     eax, 1E95D55Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8D1AE11Bh
sub     eax, 0F5C120C9h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C300A95Ch
xor     eax, 0ED6B1049h
sub     eax, 447C21FFh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 4940DE18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 80780693h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 51EAD53Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 64FF2839h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E44790F4h
add     eax, 0E9EAD4CAh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 1CC46857h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 2D68F38Bh
sub     eax, 7603EA67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D04B8370h
sub     eax, 0D373D1E5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BA87C41Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 2D1DE48Eh
xor     eax, 0E9953ADAh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 2B007E4Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 9C0AE9E3h
not     eax
add     eax, 10221B7Dh
xor     eax, 4D2A618Fh
add     eax, 799BD8E3h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 825ACDD9h
xor     eax, 883AADF8h
xor     eax, 0B66E8C21h
add     eax, 29A78A1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 522C09E3h
sub     eax, 6CBDD614h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 16566033h
not     eax
add     eax, 43F49E2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8C70DFE4h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 53DE05CFh
xor     eax, 0A3E4C247h
xor     eax, 1939E9F2h
add     eax, 0BCD9DD86h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DC62BB8Bh
xor     eax, 4081261Bh
sub     eax, 0A1101A76h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 19B00585h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0F3C4F04Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 4AEB0FC2h
sub     eax, 40352BFCh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 32569C7Dh
xor     eax, 2FD5BA8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5D3BAC8Ch
sub     eax, 2DC34326h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 7EF1DD31h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 71706305h
xor     eax, 0E9D7DFDEh
xor     eax, 7363373Fh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 19EDAEB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 83CE390Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 685A22CFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B2D251CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 833305A8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 26F7FD90h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 8F144230h
add     eax, 0FC63606Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D44BE8Eh
xor     eax, 76230CE4h
sub     eax, 3E4977CCh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0ED629D62h
not     eax
sub     eax, 268DC9B6h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 80207354h
xor     eax, 8D231A98h
sub     eax, 47ABE0C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 5F025974h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C76181CCh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 106BD54Fh
sub     eax, 551DD8ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BDDD6C9Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0CC144D19h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 79BA1AA2h
sub     eax, 84C32E4Bh
add     eax, 0CEA26CF9h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2A6B565Ah
add     eax, 0DE225651h
add     eax, 8974D6ADh
xor     eax, 8B6A05E6h
xor     eax, 6BB70F23h
sub     eax, 0A743A43Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 56341CEFh
xor     eax, 2BA5AD97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0B514086Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8A5700E5h
add     eax, 0CF60B8C0h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 6F75ECE6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F40C23A3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0A883D6B4h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0B5135530h
sub     eax, 0AB4D517Bh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0C716EDDDh
xor     eax, 63255F32h
sub     eax, 0EBD9ABABh
add     eax, 0A09E3211h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0C75D15CDh
sub     eax, 0B7FBCBE3h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3EBB0418h
add     eax, 3092A36Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 89C52F15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 63CA7823h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C59D547Fh
xor     eax, 1C17BB26h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 1EC2FACFh
xor     eax, 6B9A7A62h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0C0669E01h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DC0319B3h
not     eax
add     eax, 52AAF723h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8AA0E4ABh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 432D9D74h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 2787492Ch
xor     eax, 387BB96Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6310F949h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6649C8A9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 8D51023Ah
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 51877CCBh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0F8FC26C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A8633114h
add     eax, 0D9EA32C7h
sub     eax, 15A28A47h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0D81564C2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 59FB3CAFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0B3EB77B8h
sub     eax, 0EA35AB55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 67780177h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0A85D731Fh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 61D6D7DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EE496DDFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 78D2928Fh
xor     eax, 46330DE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 129497E0h
xor     eax, 0ED9F3C42h
xor     eax, 54F38D8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 9C733004h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 27380950h
xor     eax, 4F3254DEh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 761934D7h
sub     eax, 93BB6613h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 9C7F9257h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 6CA22789h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 76EF874Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 5E2B6874h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 613350A8h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 35417590h
add     eax, 0FA27E221h
sub     eax, 37A8C38Ah
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 4FAD8B2Ch
add     eax, 545E26D4h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 173D2DD1h
add     eax, 90D7714Dh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BD4716C8h
xor     eax, 0CC7A1746h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B641E317h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 10471E09h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 3AA32CB4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 2F6AABC2h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A2868D7Dh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 426D708Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0D7DE3194h
sub     eax, 63D2E786h
add     eax, 6E53A329h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 747BDBC3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DE769F70h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 0D4BD8A45h
sub     eax, 5988A4CDh
add     eax, 6669A238h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0FE6A8A38h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 76F81388h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D93C94F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0A3F18102h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 50FFD61Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A2E3E416h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 4E6E5996h
sub     eax, 0F4E349CEh
add     eax, 4BDFC896h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ECC48EC9h
add     eax, 6D589FE5h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 712A3CEAh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1896FD9Ch
add     eax, 11A79B2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0B274D918h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 5337EDF8h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0E1319D16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CAA19E64h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5978CFE7h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C4EC277Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D711012Ah
xor     eax, 0EAC4F78Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0DF739430h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DE0B7D40h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CB6F770Fh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5CC0B5CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DB12ED65h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3AC773C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2F7F6274h
sub     eax, 7E0DFF1Bh
xor     eax, 0DCF8B573h
add     eax, 67D40F65h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0B0693FF0h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 91D4E882h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DBF6171Dh
add     eax, 0CC85840Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 49148839h
xor     eax, 0D00CB1D2h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 36DB9A73h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 1E006D4Eh
sub     eax, 0F712FED1h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 492FB6DAh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 135C1AB3h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 31D11C6Bh
add     eax, 214D12C7h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B5931542h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 49485DC5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0C417AE44h
xor     eax, 8FB8BCF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0F3D787B3h
sub     eax, 4AAB7720h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0CCF82884h
not     eax
sub     eax, 111B1E29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A58463A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6FD02DECh
xor     eax, 2A681235h
add     eax, 28923806h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 9C92B0C6h
add     eax, 116E13D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DFC07626h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 97D5CD47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FF63D8E0h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 59E7058Ch
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 8BBAD045h
add     eax, 0B44B3398h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 857EED0Eh
add     eax, 7C04F8C1h
add     eax, 2CD678D0h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6FF026D6h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 895A5F78h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 16DF450Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 9A82B61Bh
sub     eax, 0EC78EF9Ah
xor     eax, 81CDE6C3h
add     eax, 0A991F883h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 5DB00364h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 16E2057Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0EF01939Fh
add     eax, 9CAFE84Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 63DE4E6Eh
sub     eax, 2F8B324Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F3F7901Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E3BA786Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0E3E40D54h
add     eax, 0EA415604h
sub     eax, 0B742A7C0h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 8481626Eh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 7DD81172h
sub     eax, 0CCAEFD8Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 51F3CC42h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A1742BE9h
xor     eax, 0CF275F72h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0C108E788h
xor     eax, 5E3C6A19h
add     eax, 0BEDE7F78h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0F28C3C33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CB4D9F52h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 73712415h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 452978B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1C3AE4BCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3EEEDBC5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DB8F211Dh
xor     eax, 0CC57701Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 8E48CDE9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 821222F4h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 60F558B3h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 6A82A1D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 29D8F95Ch
sub     eax, 0C4CE5D98h
add     eax, 56F67818h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 271F1CA3h
add     eax, 9F63AC59h
sub     eax, 0BAB12B66h
xor     eax, 0EF8E826Dh
sub     eax, 0FC63AF6Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 508C57ABh
xor     eax, 1717AEBBh
xor     eax, 80EE4044h
add     eax, 0FF622E88h
sub     eax, 0D032E5B0h
sub     eax, 0B09A3ECEh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0A47B1D12h
xor     eax, 4C4CFFE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0E0D1B446h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 610CF972h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4D598ED1h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 4B13AEF9h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A0A4AE0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9A61EBFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E86FD346h
xor     eax, 0C470DF80h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 311CC717h
add     eax, 0BEF11915h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BE32816Ah
add     eax, 0D7DFB08Fh
add     eax, 9141420Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5C70A8C5h
xor     eax, 1CD492C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C9B805C9h
add     eax, 5AEE4994h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B051C9C6h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7D7AE749h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 79114110h
xor     eax, 68C9E37Bh
add     eax, 0DE9F4759h
add     eax, 77B801A0h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 6464A81Dh
xor     eax, 6411660Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0DE36A1ADh
sub     eax, 0FFA34852h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 841FE2A7h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 70D1CDD8h
xor     eax, 0B0A77ACEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5788B23Bh
xor     eax, 4FAB17F2h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 374CB8D3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E080501Ah
xor     eax, 30D9BAFFh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0B46373F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 786C0A4Dh
xor     eax, 0C988906Bh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A6A55FE6h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B84B87F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 84C420A0h
add     eax, 0B59C3631h
xor     eax, 0D40A1E1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 4F542460h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0C91431EDh
xor     eax, 927A7870h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0ABE07698h
sub     eax, 7CEED339h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E01D7790h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 7308D8A2h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0D98D5143h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 4DAF6D95h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F0BD504Bh
sub     eax, 956E7D73h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ACB62E6Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 8215B41Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 6319C31Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5C3752FFh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 54B23D73h
sub     eax, 6A765BBCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0C3B47E26h
add     eax, 5B7E2770h
not     eax
add     eax, 18298238h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 712F7E0Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D902799Eh
add     eax, 80235CA3h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 804A85ACh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 461C2543h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 93EC9CDDh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 3B8B119Ah
xor     eax, 0F8AB2AD3h
sub     eax, 0F9A92D43h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0AFDDD1E1h
add     eax, 220B3D82h
add     eax, 0D4CCF3F9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1CA00054h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 4DA3E407h
sub     eax, 0B851F6DBh
xor     eax, 7193596Eh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 29F7A945h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 6975278Ah
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 7D8122B4h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 1257BB96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 31D19CCDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0EB76BB53h
xor     eax, 3F5ED532h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 2D39B086h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0C426D95Fh
sub     eax, 0A6936984h
add     eax, 5EA8D5E5h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 68501EF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E3C7782Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0CFCFEE40h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 5044864Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 9432E2F1h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 118726DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 9481FC58h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CFD14813h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 976536C0h
xor     eax, 27F137A4h
xor     eax, 0E5A81560h
add     eax, 55E95700h
xor     eax, 0CDF28F65h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 40C2B246h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2AE9C9FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 34DA08E7h
add     eax, 0F020236Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6B35558Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0ED084D09h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 15F2904Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 588384A5h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DABB73B3h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 51FDC124h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 44DA6ED4h
sub     eax, 76347FD5h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 5384E43Ch
sub     eax, 1AFAFB3Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 85D795BEh
add     eax, 75B7A825h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 924E9F45h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0DDC0037Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 369FC45Ah
xor     eax, 96A70BFAh
add     eax, 0B7CC70F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C1B7F1FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CFFC3BB0h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 1A1B12EFh
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 53789163h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 28CE0DE8h
xor     eax, 6F24375Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 1F02639Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 51C028CFh
xor     eax, 0D19F1A30h
sub     eax, 0B840EB9Ch
xor     eax, 0C1EC02CFh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5571F2E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 41BA13DEh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0D6C1EB67h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9D91336Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0BC17F045h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9601D325h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E88705B8h
add     eax, 0AD1DD8B8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 2F9A36AAh
sub     eax, 0BE56ED1Eh
sub     eax, 72C005C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 94E695DCh
sub     eax, 0F65FA347h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B3840B6Dh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B6074441h
add     eax, 43F49175h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7D303408h
add     eax, 0CDD0D06Fh
add     eax, 472BB94Fh
sub     eax, 0D1C55F54h
sub     eax, 0A5202865h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D1C696B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8209AF3Fh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0B4433054h
xor     eax, 1D12426Ch
add     eax, 0E8634051h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 5E7A17B2h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A8765588h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 97A18002h
xor     eax, 0A3D0488Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F4D3A78Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BB802231h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FE7736FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3BEB5A00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 7948E729h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 529FBDE3h
xor     eax, 9044E4C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 45F8AB6Eh
add     eax, 69281885h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B14BE22Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1D9255A7h
sub     eax, 0ACC64256h
add     eax, 2FCA1635h
xor     eax, 666BB11Eh
sub     eax, 0A3CA1E75h
not     eax
add     eax, 1C511D14h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 64ECD60Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0F0AA1BFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D82A4141h
add     eax, 31BF79DDh
sub     eax, 7A609ECDh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 7C7139E5h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CED273CCh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 73E43348h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B130F9B3h
sub     eax, 268F641Dh
xor     eax, 0ACCDE4C8h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0FC2EB209h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4645682Ch
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0B2D5D85Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 5F659212h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0FA7D7ED3h
xor     eax, 0CE6B9429h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FBE0FDCAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D2C65622h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 1F936E18h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 6300CE65h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0DF633CB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 72CFA28Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 76712A4Ch
add     eax, 84916DF2h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D6922B44h
add     eax, 2C45B4B5h
xor     eax, 97520FB2h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7F1D7854h
add     eax, 0B1DA2C0Eh
sub     eax, 1205C4F3h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 14891762h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 62F4F73Eh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 93512547h
add     eax, 0FE695F09h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FAED71F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0B609D512h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0AC6DCE23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 160CE718h
add     eax, 2E4E2505h
add     eax, 0B4E3C088h
sub     eax, 56634CF9h
sub     eax, 23A66393h
xor     eax, 0EBF75B7Bh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5C036B5Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3E736EAFh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0E51E2553h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 56F0ACD9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 612C4569h
sub     eax, 0E471B730h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6F074A66h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 1AD63ECEh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 1A41FFEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 336F3D5Fh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 3E286548h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 8B76B702h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A523C787h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0AED715CFh
sub     eax, 0DFCA2FD4h
xor     eax, 6223D84Bh
add     eax, 4DE2A363h
sub     eax, 0ED89ADFDh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8B8F4488h
sub     eax, 3D4F11F7h
add     eax, 1F024889h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0E10A0EFAh
add     eax, 57928D9Ch
xor     eax, 0AB593743h
add     eax, 1FD66FAFh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 2310124Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DA27EE4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B9AFAFF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B7DAB9C4h
add     eax, 0FE3F57F6h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 66D7488Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3B34E730h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 3F99869Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A5B80B0Dh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 47B38628h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C0820C99h
xor     eax, 0C32C4EDAh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 21543EFAh
sub     eax, 0BA1E6058h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 1A16DAFAh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 9B5F3DC7h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0F7B5A629h
xor     eax, 0E6EF2FC0h
sub     eax, 0FF291B47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F4E5984Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0C47C34A4h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 9639223Ch
add     eax, 0DAF3E234h
sub     eax, 7318A610h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 4A4E48A9h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1BC970EAh
sub     eax, 0BAB64CDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6EDA8FFFh
not     eax
add     eax, 79690CF7h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 17E03FA6h
add     eax, 0C97220E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 85CD9F00h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 1CE16CEBh
add     eax, 22EEF759h
not     eax
add     eax, 8E1C2A84h
xor     eax, 7E2BCCBDh
xor     eax, 5468221Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F9645AD7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2E76C642h
xor     eax, 389040D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B3F17DDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 4E46567Bh
sub     eax, 184DD906h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 36D991A7h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CAA80982h
xor     eax, 4B5AADCFh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0FBD5FF8Fh
xor     eax, 0D2955DD3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E7C29E36h
xor     eax, 8AF00EBFh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 528B9288h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0CDF896E2h
xor     eax, 68265E14h
xor     eax, 0E145AB27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 10AD2DC0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EAF4E6AAh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E48872CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FD8FC6C3h
sub     eax, 0B036999Ah
xor     eax, 93B43170h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8A67AF4Ch
add     eax, 8989FA12h
sub     eax, 0B4FC8A8Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DB4732C1h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1092E6BDh
xor     eax, 9DC6EA9Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 7C7D732Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 552A8A56h
sub     eax, 46951A32h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 662A4671h
add     eax, 6E0EEB52h
add     eax, 0E8518445h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E941673Eh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 338817D1h
add     eax, 69DC0386h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0F8301EB8h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 6C82BB49h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 644C71E2h
sub     eax, 0D9D09FFCh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 96F3B630h
xor     eax, 3714487Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0EB250590h
add     eax, 7409C88Eh
add     eax, 73207958h
add     eax, 2F940E5Bh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 2D5504D1h
sub     eax, 0C7CBDC1Ah
xor     eax, 33F2B2C1h
add     eax, 0B4AA02EBh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 661347B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 1ADB4AC4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 82138637h
xor     eax, 24AA78DEh
add     eax, 86F0E608h
xor     eax, 0D3473598h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 19FADC54h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 91FF3ACCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0EAC865B1h
xor     eax, 231C6075h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 337445D8h
add     eax, 0FDB0A528h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 397CE9A4h
sub     eax, 327948A5h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 929EDA86h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 69D25C05h
add     eax, 74EE95E3h
xor     eax, 8B9ED6F9h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 8FA1180Ah
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 8B2A9802h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0DFDF4BEBh
add     eax, 987C9A92h
add     eax, 9B785CA7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 743B5EC7h
sub     eax, 0B0D2F884h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B5121215h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 681F5B05h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3E4AB3F7h
add     eax, 694D9B3Dh
add     eax, 1681274Dh
add     eax, 4A7CEDE9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 99367901h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 528D12B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 1B230FCAh
xor     eax, 0DCDEB9EAh
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 4F870C4Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 30626B7Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 67528C2Bh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 620D2FF1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BE98B5EFh
xor     eax, 0DFA2ABFAh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 35CCD763h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 8FEF5444h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 410D9A75h
xor     eax, 8914A440h
xor     eax, 0CF2B2CE7h
add     eax, 0F90603FEh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 9B6123F6h
sub     eax, 267C0CBCh
xor     eax, 1A3007FBh
sub     eax, 0AE414418h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0D37DFC80h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 1EFA147Ah
xor     eax, 804928E0h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 9C6B901Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3578BEE3h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0FC7B0127h
add     eax, 0D86E9E72h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 8CBBFE21h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DD5B9DE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 5E795322h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0A4372CE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 7F32F70Ah
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5106B803h
add     eax, 6B8F366Fh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 7C1B119Bh
xor     eax, 8ED0A7E8h
xor     eax, 533A1947h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC104613h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 732445CBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DA96F12Bh
sub     eax, 2E887773h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AA6CE8F0h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 9086796Ch
add     eax, 5E6D787Dh
xor     eax, 0B39DB6F1h
sub     eax, 29256BD7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FF103F06h
xor     eax, 1A854F04h
xor     eax, 4427E051h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 25038F81h
xor     eax, 93E5BB54h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C4098088h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E88099DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A264EA67h
xor     eax, 6639336Ch
xor     eax, 42AB4E5Ch
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BA88BA33h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 61E6CF88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 88D60F5Bh
xor     eax, 6BE11A2Eh
add     eax, 76BEBB86h
sub     eax, 5F247B30h
xor     eax, 462463BAh
xor     eax, 8E0C7356h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 2550F389h
xor     eax, 0A0136520h
xor     eax, 3FD3C0B4h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0FD5C17E2h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 79BE3C40h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 160BDB62h
xor     eax, 8ADD3C8Fh
sub     eax, 6B9BE1B9h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 927C1167h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 5C2FB8EEh
add     eax, 973BCC5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B1BB6699h
not     eax
add     eax, 81D6621Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 37D5015Ch
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0EFDB37A1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0F99E855Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 5639BF57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 877C5327h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 570AF80Ah
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 55E97978h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 669CF2C6h
xor     eax, 7F9C2B36h
xor     eax, 0F77AB648h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 79204DCAh
sub     eax, 0D4BB011Bh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 2AE8D490h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 9DF147F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 62B5F72Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FB00BCDDh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 7FFC4568h
sub     eax, 0D652ADFBh
sub     eax, 0F3809B9Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 8F4DC983h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7CA3CC31h
sub     eax, 47A676BAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9DBCF10Fh
add     eax, 0AA26A8B7h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 34D5EBC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DA2DC94Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 9B2A4841h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BFDA6760h
sub     eax, 240FE433h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BAF6EEA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3F4FD3F2h
sub     eax, 288BA114h
add     eax, 19D604ADh
xor     eax, 3B2C65D7h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 73BA20A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E475CD59h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 84C1FC7Eh
xor     eax, 0FCE6AA46h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4D5DBF59h
sub     eax, 9BE943D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D98A33D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0E6F85F41h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 9C6B3AF4h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 807A10D8h
xor     eax, 8C41141Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4DE860A6h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0F08661C8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 42E43B3Bh
add     eax, 0DB00FA57h
add     eax, 39133F6Ah
add     eax, 99A25779h
xor     eax, 0A84F042Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0C07B0CA4h
add     eax, 6CB74D64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 85DDF061h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 910568E8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 34F2279Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 82021E37h
sub     eax, 0D4B3411Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 65309BA1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 14C173EAh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0CA3DAE76h
add     eax, 1AB9BFD2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0AF492039h
sub     eax, 11775FBBh
sub     eax, 0E0FB45DEh
add     eax, 47445A90h
sub     eax, 0A7403EBDh
xor     eax, 81F03911h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 583805B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0A53A5913h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 1DFDCD4Dh
sub     eax, 835FBE70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0AF2D9EF4h
sub     eax, 0FC794660h
xor     eax, 0BBEA9D8Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8E449D2Bh
xor     eax, 0F8748E22h
add     eax, 0C9A2E9F1h
add     eax, 0D445BD3Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 422FB011h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 30743347h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 166CFA7Dh
sub     eax, 76D2F9B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2D6026E4h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 4087A794h
xor     eax, 0E97B069Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 620E61F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 2F6A9208h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0C95A7DABh
not     eax
sub     eax, 72034E03h
sub     eax, 0FA411B3Fh
sub     eax, 78D09222h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0AA745F18h
xor     eax, 9CF7C063h
xor     eax, 8293C2E6h
sub     eax, 18619D3Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 776BD7F7h
sub     eax, 2DA85C3Ch
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 7F39DD21h
add     eax, 5D81BDBAh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 943FF11Eh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0D912B941h
xor     eax, 0B5282F57h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0AE113DCEh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 4FF66CF5h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0B6D5D67Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A57A9C46h
xor     eax, 23023230h
xor     eax, 789AA26Eh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 94E7413Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 27D4849Fh
xor     eax, 8EBCA621h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 4A77B0C7h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 8D393AE8h
xor     eax, 27ED246Dh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 9092BE2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7E1F2F4Ah
sub     eax, 0F9DBDCAAh
sub     eax, 921AC6B9h
add     eax, 702E4480h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E6BE1225h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 96F285E1h
add     eax, 3BB28717h
add     eax, 0CBE980EFh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0C0E143D5h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FE691CA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 3C411660h
sub     eax, 0EE520217h
sub     eax, 4B2EECBFh
add     eax, 0BA6E4C45h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0AB3640B2h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0B7D3A70Ch
add     eax, 0C68D65ADh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 557902E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 22E33A89h
add     eax, 0AE279CF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 54093CE2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0E5C50428h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BBB5703Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 642581B1h
sub     eax, 7C6EBAF8h
not     eax
add     eax, 56806034h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 43EA05E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 99B2AD39h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AA862F42h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 27439C1Bh
add     eax, 390ADA5Fh
xor     eax, 1FA2195Eh
xor     eax, 0A3BA9080h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CC6C16B8h
add     eax, 599F1020h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4FF5C4EFh
add     eax, 54D781AFh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CF0BD1B6h
xor     eax, 84533AE6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 1314C63Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 33B9EF8Ah
sub     eax, 0EDA1318Eh
add     eax, 86B3F9AAh
add     eax, 850A3B00h
xor     eax, 0AD03D430h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 9A00C230h
xor     eax, 0ECF7EDF9h
xor     eax, 2683EFF3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0CEFE201Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6BBDD464h
xor     eax, 7C9CA7F5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 1D960316h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AD4BBDBAh
sub     eax, 0E6673321h
xor     eax, 2FA9C00Eh
sub     eax, 1672DD84h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A364E2FAh
sub     eax, 86D972D1h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 6BB0ACB3h
xor     eax, 51AFDFD9h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D4AC77F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D00C8961h
sub     eax, 1ABFCEE3h
add     eax, 0E826AD73h
add     eax, 7E34CCD1h
sub     eax, 8995349Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0A3F03F2Eh
sub     eax, 54C77551h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CBD154ECh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 30623C62h
sub     eax, 271CA619h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0B19C5946h
add     eax, 2705A5CCh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 881473EBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 546ED8A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5683DCF4h
add     eax, 0E3377C49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 11450A5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EB35C264h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 429EF12Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 16C3E8A2h
add     eax, 0C9FB712Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 74CD6C60h
add     eax, 0E8BA472Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4F7E1922h
add     eax, 0ECEF7261h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0C824148Bh
sub     eax, 4109E8A3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 65F8F432h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0EF029894h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C23469D5h
sub     eax, 87A5D23Ch
add     eax, 392F048Fh
add     eax, 98D99920h
xor     eax, 190CBF9Dh
sub     eax, 4C66A16Bh
sub     eax, 49E4B24Bh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 919C885Ch
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 6130AF2Fh
add     eax, 56A6BA0Fh
xor     eax, 0CD22A370h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 74B67ED4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C2164C12h
xor     eax, 0A367F4C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6651BCEFh
sub     eax, 0C48277B4h
add     eax, 164163F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 3ECA98F5h
add     eax, 859B7DA1h
sub     eax, 24D41F1Ah
xor     eax, 7933F5A6h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 6C113FC3h
add     eax, 38B0BC44h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1F539A03h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0DA008019h
xor     eax, 760D2231h
sub     eax, 0C1F7ECB6h
sub     eax, 0A3FC9D1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 9736F69Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 221B0F62h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2A5AB5C5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8D265763h
sub     eax, 0BBAE408Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 276244A6h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0AC248F74h
sub     eax, 332458C1h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 3A662001h
xor     eax, 0A544A0B1h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 18542786h
sub     eax, 48171BA2h
sub     eax, 0CA135372h
add     eax, 9EC84A09h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8CF29865h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 62098FADh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8147387Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5AA10E72h
xor     eax, 0B9E2C879h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0BD971BFEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F1F18FB6h
sub     eax, 5443FDF2h
add     eax, 6243DA5Eh
add     eax, 217BD19Eh
sub     eax, 85B58EAFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0E82BDC34h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 557A1218h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0E368799Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 39BA95A7h
add     eax, 8D667278h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0F8DE2406h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C5985FABh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 905E5561h
sub     eax, 944C5E5Dh
sub     eax, 8F4ED34Ch
add     eax, 1D09D1D8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8DA864A6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0CC0C7935h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 73C12BA2h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9A14F067h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0E0497FA3h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0AA69B6E3h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 1CF538C7h
add     eax, 0C7D50FC8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1258AD23h
add     eax, 0D4FFEE76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 33DFA174h
sub     eax, 77A65D19h
sub     eax, 3FC0299Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 1A0391E0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 60EB28C7h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 5CDF999Fh
sub     eax, 77E3BAC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A73572CAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7E930516h
add     eax, 0CE786A02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 81C130F8h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 9A06D85Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 49988683h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 5F1501BAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 53DF6330h
sub     eax, 19AC8446h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 2D75F332h
add     eax, 0A9921473h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 5370EA99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B40660Ah
add     eax, 6B26B4CFh
xor     eax, 0E1A5CD42h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ACA1F487h
sub     eax, 61064CB7h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0EBB3DCEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D0F5E379h
add     eax, 230BD7C6h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0EB67CBB1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 398749BAh
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 8FE0C09Fh
add     eax, 8C8657C7h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 50E663CCh
xor     eax, 5DDA1DBBh
add     eax, 0C99EBD1Dh
sub     eax, 828918EBh
sub     eax, 0C560B379h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3635ED44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 0F5278E6Eh
sub     eax, 5DE01D76h
xor     eax, 0AC303D57h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0F875F906h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 9F59DC9Dh
xor     eax, 0ABD6D857h
add     eax, 0EDF2F756h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 10B2D6A4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0E5B7D1A6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0B2E2BD42h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 449FB6F6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 64CC3D7Bh
xor     eax, 0C58D3C2Ah
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 716187A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0F15C588Fh
add     eax, 0B4E9C8DAh
sub     eax, 4EE8EE38h
xor     eax, 0CAE002F1h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 9ADDD023h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BE7DF8ECh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0E9BCB609h
add     eax, 26FAE149h
sub     eax, 3022A164h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A1B82224h
sub     eax, 4057193Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 9D82AEA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C8D6F161h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0E0A15669h
add     eax, 3202817Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 90EE259Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2D83EB59h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0F80437CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8E20686Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 4538C039h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 63D2E57Fh
xor     eax, 8EAD00B3h
sub     eax, 0D1469CCCh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 12ECC648h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0D379B48Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AF538E68h
add     eax, 46599ECCh
add     eax, 0B82D971Dh
xor     eax, 0B1E9C843h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 95BB7551h
xor     eax, 3D8DBBD6h
sub     eax, 9A283586h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0EBFEBFA5h
sub     eax, 9689CCDCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0EF81798Dh
add     eax, 8D3CE82Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0C8692A9Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 21338305h
xor     eax, 67D34708h
xor     eax, 0DF5CE414h
sub     eax, 0FF65E09Ch
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0C857E08Bh
add     eax, 2F326784h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1FE24F63h
sub     eax, 0B7BCD484h
not     eax
add     eax, 1399C6A5h
not     eax
add     eax, 96F28F20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1ED8DCF2h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2261CD28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D0E1F2C0h
xor     eax, 0E1B78167h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 330BAF0Fh
sub     eax, 0E98558E8h
xor     eax, 7ACE67DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FD4871B5h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0A58DD5C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9CF70FEDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0E6BFBFA5h
add     eax, 0A91D9A09h
xor     eax, 428E6565h
xor     eax, 117726B6h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F4012181h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 4758362Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2D9D6BFFh
sub     eax, 7DAD663Ch
add     eax, 7E55607Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 1E4EEE57h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 524D822Fh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F222F9A3h
xor     eax, 339EE802h
xor     eax, 66A2CDE2h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C2604CBDh
sub     eax, 0D9B50D24h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 36DDAFE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AB411AF6h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 66712989h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A1F15F8Dh
add     eax, 68A8803Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0F9EC56D1h
sub     eax, 0D6AEFEB3h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E9BAD353h
sub     eax, 0BB6F2726h
xor     eax, 0B35A4820h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A1F61A33h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0B1B957DFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A30B582Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2B1B73B8h
xor     eax, 8160A1A6h
add     eax, 96CA93A9h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BF1EE594h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0AFBBEC45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3913D10Eh
xor     eax, 0F7F723F2h
not     eax
add     eax, 988E7EB8h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 1B2FFAA2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A824D206h
xor     eax, 0A83EEE3Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0FFE84273h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 609D4971h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 7CB254C5h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 25C0594Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0DA64E88Fh
xor     eax, 9D94D885h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 8EA05799h
xor     eax, 6B15A154h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 10B2FE62h
xor     eax, 5DF46230h
sub     eax, 0D41415A1h
xor     eax, 82929040h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 44C0CE20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6E56CA34h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4292C327h
add     eax, 0DE6354AFh
add     eax, 7E346EEDh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 5FE11880h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3AE79DFCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F3D6B07Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C80DB4E2h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 863C40F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0ACAC342Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 119ABD64h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 73347BFAh
add     eax, 0D1E6AD34h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3F70CEB6h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 64BB6A38h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0E8D49CEFh
add     eax, 0E1C57A4Ah
xor     eax, 3307BE33h
xor     eax, 845A1091h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 769DB4A2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7423B59Bh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 50B67980h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 3BD05DAFh
xor     eax, 8E6EB275h
add     eax, 8173781Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0C180382Ch
sub     eax, 741A14F2h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0E2602A0Bh
xor     eax, 7D6A88E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2E2F4252h
xor     eax, 0BC5A822Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 6A51A008h
sub     eax, 0BD6DDB4Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0BA4AB2B2h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0C99C39CBh
add     eax, 2F25C06Ch
xor     eax, 0F4E886B8h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0A0FB7701h
sub     eax, 63209621h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0AD753EE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 64312F77h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7D6B4FAEh
add     eax, 0DC067A20h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0F1013A64h
sub     eax, 5408EE82h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0C68082B6h
add     eax, 20A1CEEDh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 15DEE7B8h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 872B9744h
xor     eax, 6C619BD0h
sub     eax, 1562381Fh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 2966F38Eh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ABDCCF1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 9B8BA434h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0C230D849h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0D70549C9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0B173B6B1h
xor     eax, 407799C2h
xor     eax, 99E3E949h
add     eax, 2B4AF758h
xor     eax, 6F0C5BAFh
add     eax, 8ADE23C4h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 11A84C3Ch
xor     eax, 0F5CDE6B1h
xor     eax, 0A0DE64E3h
add     eax, 0BF0E9B12h
sub     eax, 60288E6Ah
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 209ED49Eh
add     eax, 0D2BEA83Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 7F5EB433h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6644344Bh
xor     eax, 56FD1A4Ch
xor     eax, 0DCEFAF5Fh
sub     eax, 8E9346ECh
sub     eax, 21B66861h
add     eax, 32E9CD18h
add     eax, 0D3BF640Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 6117D724h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B29B8199h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 54833777h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 6049F1A5h
sub     eax, 8C2DD4FFh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 26C21D1Ch
add     eax, 0DD330E8Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 7359901Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 941AA5E5h
xor     eax, 24C1B83Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F4979E30h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 86D1D31Ah
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 9A1C3A88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C1B771C9h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 38556A5Eh
xor     eax, 0F5360451h
add     eax, 313ABFE8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 56CEC76Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0F99689B5h
xor     eax, 620B3219h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D830E9F8h
add     eax, 398D2947h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0F8C012B7h
sub     eax, 8DD125E9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1DF4FE6Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E8FB35B1h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0D30B014Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4DDE3C69h
add     eax, 1252F733h
xor     eax, 343D1995h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BF926698h
add     eax, 0DBA9CD63h
xor     eax, 15543699h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0CF3A9D42h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0FC7F458Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0B55EBFDDh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0DB72D910h
sub     eax, 10F017F0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E2A916ECh
add     eax, 9230F44Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C21C6AF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 31169448h
sub     eax, 4FCE471Bh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0DCC9D28Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 6AD9B026h
add     eax, 0AA6CBEF3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1B67849Fh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 6A004C5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CA7327ABh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 490C83E4h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1D22DA12h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 1A63AE0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 80E93F87h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 59C05FF9h
xor     eax, 7EC8BBEDh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 720CC569h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 802D2EAEh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 6B85466Ch
sub     eax, 0A57B3F78h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A82C6773h
sub     eax, 55A3E64Eh
add     eax, 8A7999A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0B479D141h
xor     eax, 0E152FA87h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 40D044CDh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F10B09AEh
sub     eax, 49E3F3B8h
sub     eax, 6A6C6846h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 717126DCh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DFC7861Ch
xor     eax, 52CFEE40h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ED33BF7Fh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 48B600E9h
sub     eax, 251EEC05h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E37368FDh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0D6E62000h
sub     eax, 26EA26E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A499BBF2h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 27BBF1E3h
xor     eax, 107B4D61h
add     eax, 0D3EFEB45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 235EEBD1h
add     eax, 0C3DBD9EAh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 7B163FD0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 44AFB7BFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F378D9B8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 46D3EA3Eh
add     eax, 0CDB6F9D1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 19D4A475h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0E02A40C3h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 7A6B8498h
sub     eax, 0A2CA1A16h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0E36E34C4h
add     eax, 95FAB1C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 62C07E56h
xor     eax, 7D2FA58Dh
xor     eax, 37462198h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 99E08F6Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 5FB76156h
sub     eax, 42B4DB28h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4B95E39Ah
xor     eax, 3FED65CFh
xor     eax, 42CD8709h
sub     eax, 288603C7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 469A7CABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FAD14528h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 84B0A67Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 2C1C5495h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 434401A5h
xor     eax, 10600B2Ah
xor     eax, 0ADEC9B8Dh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0C79781F4h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 6A470E90h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 74F925CFh
sub     eax, 94195997h
not     eax
add     eax, 293794C3h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 97B1F00Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 4EC120B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5DCD019Ch
add     eax, 0CABC0777h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 138886FDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 7A538F7Fh
sub     eax, 6556E059h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0BB48ABE5h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FA45D130h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0A56FAA55h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 8FC2B484h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0BBEAA692h
xor     eax, 627F8AAFh
sub     eax, 54F2637Dh
xor     eax, 11FF07C9h
xor     eax, 0D7695A42h
xor     eax, 51D093D6h
sub     eax, 2E58AD57h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9D9E7D06h
sub     eax, 0B82F5096h
add     eax, 50225724h
xor     eax, 1CF6BD90h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0C4E76325h
add     eax, 66C8DCFAh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 52B83F3Fh
xor     eax, 56ACD579h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0C09F5003h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 9B32ADCDh
sub     eax, 26ED5F11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E8F91B65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 94F70322h
sub     eax, 4EC1079Ah
sub     eax, 0BE71E8AAh
xor     eax, 0A49124C3h
sub     eax, 3828FF64h
xor     eax, 8D25E4C5h
not     eax
add     eax, 6E558FB3h
add     eax, 65151051h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 95807751h
add     eax, 4DFFFB83h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0EC367283h
xor     eax, 749A8A39h
add     eax, 3109239Eh
add     eax, 0CE2B24CAh
add     eax, 0B9B3BB1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DFF9E52Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 1D067BCDh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 75862573h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 25F1BF71h
add     eax, 3305AA0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0F906DAE3h
xor     eax, 31BF5BD1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A74B7A70h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0A2C6ABB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3A2FF985h
add     eax, 0BC610B4Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 4390A1C6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FD0A7798h
add     eax, 7D20A0ECh
sub     eax, 0C1482270h
add     eax, 0B6D2B07Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 80F44F0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 8209C110h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B85796D4h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 3C894C9Dh
add     eax, 0EC018C36h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F37A5BBFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 1C46A8A4h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 4F5F1A6Ah
sub     eax, 0CB87C3C4h
sub     eax, 0E51AEA70h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DF36748Dh
add     eax, 37E0F493h
add     eax, 602E8CE1h
sub     eax, 0F23B4DE2h
sub     eax, 0E6CC5307h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 74CAD5FDh
sub     eax, 6FD58D2Bh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 4A5F7779h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 891E03EDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 582D9F2Ah
add     eax, 7FD18BC6h
xor     eax, 0E280A5A1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B96E86F3h
xor     eax, 62758895h
add     eax, 758CB1B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 9819E68Ch
add     eax, 87B5D4D6h
add     eax, 5A525044h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 8C69A5A3h
sub     eax, 0E8F68BF9h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 20021BAAh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F750AF8Bh
sub     eax, 9570CCE2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5D379374h
xor     eax, 3DCEE39Fh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6460EFC9h
sub     eax, 482E3B95h
sub     eax, 0F482530Ah
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0E9253367h
add     eax, 552D3418h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CF2A72A2h
sub     eax, 301F5D84h
sub     eax, 784358FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 7A5AD87Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 86C3D6B4h
add     eax, 8D884B5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FADD5FA4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6832E79Bh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 5715E17Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0DAFA6D7Dh
add     eax, 77ABB2E5h
sub     eax, 7B146A1Ch
add     eax, 0F47C1F6Bh
xor     eax, 95F4A2F7h
xor     eax, 0E6E2A976h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0DCF89528h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D045DEFFh
sub     eax, 0D905B044h
xor     eax, 0A5F8F9FBh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0C74F07EFh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DFB9F035h
sub     eax, 99DD132Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0D00800FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 3E9372CDh
add     eax, 0B693785Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 7C5D8763h
sub     eax, 0BA3CF9E0h
xor     eax, 15B7E3EDh
add     eax, 1C3AF39Ah
sub     eax, 74998C1Dh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 61F737C9h
add     eax, 0CF0512A1h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 899FB229h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 7CD6BB6Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0C1511605h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B7D42A54h
add     eax, 2E0417D9h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A2A17C79h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7F254B30h
xor     eax, 8F97E47Dh
xor     eax, 6D0016F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 38A42523h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 31ABA832h
sub     eax, 5ADB17F2h
sub     eax, 4B1C51EBh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 940A281Bh
add     eax, 0CB7B6A9Eh
xor     eax, 0E1D43495h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3D2C2A1Ch
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 44A5C035h
sub     eax, 8BC980E1h
sub     eax, 6706AD2Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0E119A847h
xor     eax, 0EEA364BCh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E4ACE98Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C00925E5h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 468D2667h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 155D6F2Ch
sub     eax, 8AB85A5Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 86D5276Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 368CA17Bh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 488793B1h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 1F4DC143h
add     eax, 96EB4379h
sub     eax, 7A7F92DBh
add     eax, 447CEFDCh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 3464966Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4BAB0451h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 232EF898h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0B0A44CC9h
xor     eax, 0EAE464F9h
sub     eax, 8471019Eh
xor     eax, 7461F28Ah
sub     eax, 0DD52FCF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 584F197Dh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F76B1623h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0EA447327h
sub     eax, 1B390FFCh
xor     eax, 28FC7B44h
add     eax, 0C00042D8h
sub     eax, 3A2777BAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0DB12BA91h
sub     eax, 0CA07C32Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CF456BDEh
xor     eax, 26B0B92Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1248313Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B5E044ADh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0EC58B8AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E7357F3Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 8F9AA82Dh
add     eax, 0D6F99E8Ch
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 5FBD2840h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0EDCA12C9h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F142E80Fh
add     eax, 4836059Bh
sub     eax, 3E546314h
xor     eax, 69ED8447h
add     eax, 35CEA879h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F636639Dh
add     eax, 14E45521h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 64B66CE9h
xor     eax, 3E5CECF8h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0CA12F9B5h
add     eax, 32B98924h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 2836C385h
sub     eax, 0BFA4B2B8h
xor     eax, 88DCB850h
add     eax, 5BB027B1h
sub     eax, 3B33DB80h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 99E1859Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C948F211h
sub     eax, 0D76E5DE6h
sub     eax, 17120838h
sub     eax, 4AF1C138h
xor     eax, 574BE4FBh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0A2915219h
not     eax
add     eax, 444C6DA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 69B1FCEEh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 32FBFDFBh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0AEDA282Fh
add     eax, 0F7319D16h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9899BB6Fh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 1633FD3Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 6B5525E5h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 83EE44C3h
not     eax
add     eax, 26FB9FF4h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0BCA5EF40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 4FCB5886h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 384BAE55h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A4EA560Fh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5265015Bh
add     eax, 61BBF523h
sub     eax, 85332FCEh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0DEF74259h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 893A3206h
xor     eax, 0C5F2F349h
xor     eax, 7B511C56h
sub     eax, 6F9B6CE6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3EDEE589h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 741F3CB1h
sub     eax, 19524FF1h
sub     eax, 21B48F64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2D3B486Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0A57BF0AEh
xor     eax, 47DE5156h
sub     eax, 0D3C10699h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 4E6A716Eh
sub     eax, 5135AE9Eh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0F4074D2Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 3CB37829h
xor     eax, 23299E0Fh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 68E79375h
add     eax, 0AC0D41D6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4CF3E46Ah
add     eax, 78E85764h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 5C8C0B59h
add     eax, 23AC957Eh
add     eax, 3D456FAFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A5F44775h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F5B3112Fh
sub     eax, 0FD075B63h
sub     eax, 49BE66F2h
xor     eax, 50B503CBh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 36D91685h
sub     eax, 443DA496h
xor     eax, 0DCAAEA2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 1F10F72Ah
xor     eax, 0C4BEA2ADh
xor     eax, 2BD87205h
add     eax, 0D0A81246h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 6FC56B48h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0EB85CC31h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6F37DA32h
xor     eax, 953C2842h
add     eax, 9D9A4BDDh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 56146ED6h
xor     eax, 34023A1Ah
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0B009A22Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9017977Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 567AD6C1h
xor     eax, 31216F94h
xor     eax, 29DE8DB7h
xor     eax, 7935DCA0h
sub     eax, 0C51CDF91h
sub     eax, 0CB4378E5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 20419F08h
sub     eax, 0FBEFECEBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 945E719Eh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 35F3B1ADh
xor     eax, 0C967ECDBh
xor     eax, 0C782F05Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0DCAE602Bh
add     eax, 0B81E83D6h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 772C33ABh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 966F6589h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DDED45B5h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 909AD570h
add     eax, 0E664B379h
not     eax
xor     eax, 274A8FB9h
sub     eax, 9B7E1511h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B59CA850h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 1C01DC2Bh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 35DC157Fh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A3BE83D5h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 4699290Bh
add     eax, 80038EB6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1AF1AF36h
not     eax
sub     eax, 632AD939h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 983FC83Fh
sub     eax, 0E5E00C97h
sub     eax, 1543AE6Ah
add     eax, 341C8E4Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7246EAF2h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0A9C14456h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3427E04Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9575C5BFh
add     eax, 18822E4Bh
add     eax, 35FED460h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 504BDD81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B77470E9h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0C41521D7h
sub     eax, 134097B5h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EEE17FA3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0FF7454FAh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0FC6E0158h
xor     eax, 86F1A5F5h
add     eax, 67C02FCAh
xor     eax, 0D3E40AF9h
sub     eax, 729CA03Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0DC0296D1h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 723BF897h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DD6FF365h
sub     eax, 0C405D4C9h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 3A52B190h
not     eax
sub     eax, 70018334h
xor     eax, 0CEFCFB36h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3B66BBF6h
xor     eax, 0B3EA6424h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 9E7A339Bh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 301296B0h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 46431B50h
sub     eax, 1045D8C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2588822Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 6737E143h
add     eax, 0EF2FB8D4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B36950C5h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F6E3C66Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 4993C3D4h
xor     eax, 0B6CA394Bh
sub     eax, 29CF7BC9h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AFDA9620h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F4C7FD80h
sub     eax, 0D8A9A4CDh
add     eax, 9741F0C8h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0DCE8422Ah
sub     eax, 12CD2ADFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0B6075702h
add     eax, 945044D9h
sub     eax, 0FC69A250h
add     eax, 9809D90Dh
xor     eax, 358ECC6Dh
sub     eax, 56E9FDFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 53C44107h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4432B7DCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 60E4D31Fh
sub     eax, 0C2DDB575h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5527424Eh
sub     eax, 4292626Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4D80A0E0h
sub     eax, 90E8D873h
add     eax, 6C3DF664h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 89E80B83h
xor     eax, 0D8FEF2F4h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 955366C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 75A2FEE3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DD4F0214h
sub     eax, 7F493E06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 46341A7Ch
xor     eax, 19246EDFh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0FD5A11B8h
add     eax, 67CB04B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CC78D1D2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F5E0CAC0h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 7C83A1B4h
add     eax, 0BA8D04CEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C1596F9Bh
add     eax, 7F702B86h
xor     eax, 8E1ACF71h
add     eax, 9FCE6EB6h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0A30B8A79h
sub     eax, 80761AB0h
xor     eax, 0C568BED6h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2B54B886h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 58F9F52Dh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0E36B6A8Bh
sub     eax, 0E401D2E1h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 522446E7h
xor     eax, 0E27EF9D3h
sub     eax, 2A054806h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2C84169Ah
sub     eax, 216C9926h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 867AE0F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 71929F8Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 6623DEFDh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F64C7767h
xor     eax, 8E56CBE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1C2D0F61h
sub     eax, 551A0C8Bh
add     eax, 0E6860112h
xor     eax, 0E3DED7F1h
add     eax, 0E15A5595h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 70601165h
add     eax, 0C97E731Bh
xor     eax, 167C70D4h
add     eax, 3E21B765h
add     eax, 0A7E07E73h
add     eax, 0B14F2D5Ah
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0FF365A71h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2D8B84B2h
sub     eax, 653C463Eh
xor     eax, 0A52B99DAh
not     eax
add     eax, 382FF3F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 21BDC195h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F511432Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FC4F6874h
sub     eax, 3E6549D0h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0B13F8A22h
xor     eax, 4CC99888h
add     eax, 0CCFB906Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0A93374E4h
xor     eax, 0D33A0B7Ch
sub     eax, 608E3AFFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4054905Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 925142C5h
xor     eax, 6C264038h
add     eax, 6A596A85h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0C75E1BA7h
add     eax, 76406129h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0F73B042Ch
xor     eax, 32DC8601h
xor     eax, 3A021816h
not     eax
xor     eax, 85D30299h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 48A7D906h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6A909E0Eh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0E742C109h
xor     eax, 51F0667Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0C0A7EA2Dh
xor     eax, 3CE03C19h
add     eax, 88202B5Bh
add     eax, 0C494E6EDh
add     eax, 0C2F81C02h
xor     eax, 0FAC7C93Eh
xor     eax, 20D2CD73h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 93ECAE99h
sub     eax, 8B984A92h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BA116B6Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9A85AFC4h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 6D874646h
add     eax, 4BAB0578h
add     eax, 4E99478Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DC6F4AE5h
add     eax, 0C633C85Fh
add     eax, 17239795h
sub     eax, 0B1C78A13h
xor     eax, 0A4277C13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0D1A6AC9Bh
sub     eax, 0C8B56230h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A2F8E3CCh
xor     eax, 359BFD44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF5CF58Fh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D31CD7CBh
xor     eax, 1B59FB60h
xor     eax, 0DB502576h
xor     eax, 0C133D592h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0D48BC660h
add     eax, 0CE84C487h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0C9C7C2CFh
xor     eax, 0E78CF3D3h
add     eax, 0C1D6E864h
add     eax, 843B86CBh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 21C59558h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0FACBCA27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 1A8D15C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7A50E05Bh
xor     eax, 148CACF9h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 557FA658h
xor     eax, 0C15EA0A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D8CF0FCBh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0E935467Ah
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 4757A618h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FA607B8Dh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 47C54848h
add     eax, 4BBEE855h
xor     eax, 8ED696F0h
add     eax, 0D9DDBC20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0F4CBD7F2h
xor     eax, 83BE7066h
sub     eax, 0C3146E5Bh
xor     eax, 97275926h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 76D356E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 25CB5FEBh
xor     eax, 752974CDh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 5EF9C336h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BAD87F47h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 7BB6AFE1h
add     eax, 0DFEBA3ABh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7F79E4E5h
add     eax, 0C247147Ah
sub     eax, 24E3FE19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1C5CEA29h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B062300Ch
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3477E197h
xor     eax, 0B71C0BD7h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 54EECF80h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0BB1AFFC2h
add     eax, 7A1DBCF8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4E638CB0h
sub     eax, 0B46EEA61h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0F84AAEEDh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 8E76D444h
xor     eax, 30474512h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 6F90DEAAh
sub     eax, 0D223FEE8h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A5E6555Bh
add     eax, 44758B88h
sub     eax, 0B21DCC15h
sub     eax, 0CD6849D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CBB3C30Ch
add     eax, 0DB2BAE00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C75AF86Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DA6EACB4h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 552C99C8h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 65048C93h
sub     eax, 0B2153267h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 54B1C92Bh
add     eax, 0D00A4EDBh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 416FA8BCh
sub     eax, 0E217E753h
xor     eax, 0FBC2CCC2h
xor     eax, 0E1194619h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 10435906h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CEF4E142h
add     eax, 0A9892473h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 3A6D8057h
add     eax, 32313C89h
sub     eax, 0DE740684h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 85772A03h
xor     eax, 28F0DAC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 941EF8C8h
sub     eax, 517A7E2Ch
xor     eax, 0E759B8E0h
sub     eax, 43AE3A3Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AF3F260Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 815FCD90h
add     eax, 0EC611425h
sub     eax, 0AB9A21EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 6B94F5DAh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0F6F06094h
xor     eax, 0C398A997h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 4B24E56Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3DE26852h
xor     eax, 276E9B9Eh
sub     eax, 883704F4h
xor     eax, 5E61A24Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0C5763335h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BD24B68Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 912ACC9Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 50854E6Bh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0F9F0B262h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E42A7687h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 46F714C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6E7819F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 67BBB8C1h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4BEC3718h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D9A5CBDCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4B437A62h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0BAF6C7B9h
sub     eax, 0E32307FFh
sub     eax, 5298558Fh
xor     eax, 53D988F7h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 9E5F5E8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A51AA88Bh
xor     eax, 5E7567B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EFF7A5BCh
not     eax
add     eax, 7A9C8AC8h
xor     eax, 3429FD96h
xor     eax, 8D08C58Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A583F6DEh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0C33C2A4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BFBBDB76h
xor     eax, 69F127AFh
sub     eax, 54B75D31h
add     eax, 0F2A83028h
add     eax, 341ED847h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF9353E5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0DB878DF2h
add     eax, 0E3AA64C8h
xor     eax, 0A90C39CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A6CEB4C3h
add     eax, 3A8E2F7Ch
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 9F7FF9EDh
add     eax, 5E68DD16h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 96548541h
sub     eax, 0E88694C2h
add     eax, 8573C85Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 364F61ADh
xor     eax, 6160DE2Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7D99E291h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0F884502Eh
sub     eax, 73C55CB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6560CB06h
add     eax, 0CF12DFCDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 70D0C96Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 4D84AEE5h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B10015CAh
xor     eax, 0D62931CFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BBB01D93h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A11D2F6Bh
sub     eax, 225263BDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 53CB2E4Dh
sub     eax, 529B1C99h
add     eax, 287BB315h
xor     eax, 3D4BB5DDh
sub     eax, 24088037h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9890E47Dh
xor     eax, 0F6A573A6h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 1B822967h
add     eax, 40C50033h
xor     eax, 0F030215Fh
sub     eax, 0F51FF83Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 37F92353h
xor     eax, 34BB75A5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A4682061h
add     eax, 3A683983h
sub     eax, 95764F96h
add     eax, 0D04194B3h
add     eax, 6C5EDB8Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0DB64F834h
sub     eax, 0A4BD13F5h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0BEDF84A3h
xor     eax, 16D8817Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0D2935402h
add     eax, 0A2C26523h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 66D1E6D7h
add     eax, 8771E5D2h
sub     eax, 76798DE2h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 3BE054C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 561F4BACh
not     eax
add     eax, 38C5042Bh
xor     eax, 273B0CE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0A2BF397Ch
add     eax, 7FDCA3ADh
add     eax, 3944C664h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0D08450F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9F1425A4h
add     eax, 56D08C6Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3F71492h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8C9FF190h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 8F193E0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 48F2D4CAh
add     eax, 0DAAF605Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 1208F00Ch
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 747DF9EDh
add     eax, 2C282FFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0C5D635A1h
sub     eax, 74E1E21Ah
add     eax, 13BE05BFh
sub     eax, 0ACD0F3A8h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F71D116Dh
add     eax, 0E86EFB0Eh
add     eax, 0BA06C7E0h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 7483983Eh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 42A9A440h
add     eax, 0BC04B88Eh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 3A9B27D8h
sub     eax, 79DFFAB3h
xor     eax, 0C9B79C51h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0BFC79413h
sub     eax, 2DB99A8Ah
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0DAEBF6FDh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 6736D8C7h
add     eax, 0B94CF108h
add     eax, 585E444Ah
sub     eax, 0C5B0EDA3h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1468C425h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2B53669Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 392716BBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0F4C42AEBh
xor     eax, 14818FEAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E5D26EF5h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 101D3C55h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C8FB716Bh
xor     eax, 78D5201Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E29565FFh
add     eax, 0A95F2B85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AECAF864h
xor     eax, 1C33E331h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 37CD29ACh
xor     eax, 0DEA8C761h
sub     eax, 7A40500Ch
add     eax, 6DF5E9C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 1BE8F13Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 1EF65E95h
sub     eax, 4F63B7DAh
xor     eax, 28AAB623h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 88CF1F40h
add     eax, 60A4059Eh
sub     eax, 4BBBC7B7h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 6750CF51h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0E9A1E576h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DDE6CA26h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0A61E4AB4h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 5AFEAC2Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 3DB62A9Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 8A80B972h
sub     eax, 0EF9B3070h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0B8C5A5AAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 382C7F27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9B9200D1h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 3A6F11C7h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 6620FD10h
xor     eax, 4A9901B8h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 7FA01E5Fh
add     eax, 379CEC88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 6DDD8E3Fh
xor     eax, 0C6A816E4h
sub     eax, 0DC8D2FC6h
xor     eax, 4B7276D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7BFB9EE2h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 3FEECE41h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 85EBE93Fh
add     eax, 0A55D00C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BFFB443Dh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0F218862Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 6941032Ah
xor     eax, 9402BFCEh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0B56791AAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 63E80209h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 2F33C336h
sub     eax, 8F74E468h
add     eax, 0A3FAA5EDh
sub     eax, 4D89B3A9h
add     eax, 9F816391h
sub     eax, 2F9B1FE4h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0C4FCD266h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 11DD3CBDh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 8A5C9C9Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 966990E5h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 1D55453Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 10D8BC3Fh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 9902DE58h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 36701074h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 223517C5h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CF9EEF09h
sub     eax, 97DD1E1Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B47A3452h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 94E4ADEDh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 7F3409B2h
sub     eax, 0FAA7B89Ch
xor     eax, 0B97861CEh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DCEA66D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 42323239h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 91079A2Ch
sub     eax, 6679D886h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 4FB62FE5h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 36ED6556h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 2849902Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 5C92033Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0AD353B03h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 2B8EF196h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 964BCD4Ah
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A2B49E6h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 5E759BFFh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0AE1F8B7Fh
xor     eax, 8D230434h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0AC5E4710h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 6E9B680Ch
add     eax, 0A8528970h
not     eax
sub     eax, 26C9DCCCh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 734AB480h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 906C6C47h
xor     eax, 0BE7FA4DEh
xor     eax, 0B099FBFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 25470AA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0B749F012h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 2B173AF9h
add     eax, 5EBCAAEDh
sub     eax, 0BE2C7F75h
xor     eax, 283ABBB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FBC5EF6Bh
sub     eax, 64C31FDDh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F5CD7E71h
xor     eax, 1863234Eh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 73DAC6D4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7D8BFD1Eh
sub     eax, 7D880922h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 87F37117h
add     eax, 0EBCE8127h
sub     eax, 0A2709614h
xor     eax, 651D2373h
add     eax, 6913D07Dh
sub     eax, 269AC3A6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 26FC8E80h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AF2C48CCh
add     eax, 1791629Eh
add     eax, 9864C980h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0DBE44279h
sub     eax, 97FE0DA7h
add     eax, 0F0F6A6A8h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 34F0D0B2h
sub     eax, 34135DA5h
xor     eax, 4C720A33h
xor     eax, 318EDEE1h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 29C3BB31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 89C151BDh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8696D81Dh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0DD8469F2h
add     eax, 50958D74h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 6F6E7C9Ch
xor     eax, 0C83C0F0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 83B1DBD3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4DD6C87Eh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 70C48894h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0F63A9C21h
xor     eax, 8D9FFC4Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B3391DA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1A1FD632h
add     eax, 0C092875Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0E28AFD08h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0CEF14F4Ch
xor     eax, 11724985h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ADDAA9C9h
xor     eax, 182C4FB0h
xor     eax, 39BE02EBh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6D00C0B3h
sub     eax, 0D084B250h
xor     eax, 4ED49F3Dh
add     eax, 669DF12Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 7F90EEE5h
xor     eax, 0A8A1D0D8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 57607034h
sub     eax, 0B252EE0Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0E47CE22Dh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ED5F302Dh
xor     eax, 2A7DFD4Ah
sub     eax, 2935412Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ACBACF26h
xor     eax, 30153F3Dh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C3BD32C8h
add     eax, 95E4F1BDh
add     eax, 21C0966Fh
add     eax, 62FFBDD9h
add     eax, 0C9DF7350h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0C02DE9DEh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 971CA0A3h
not     eax
add     eax, 5E2AA4EAh
sub     eax, 5AE5AD25h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 506F2637h
xor     eax, 0FF8C79ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 3429166Fh
sub     eax, 26649E16h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6785AFAEh
xor     eax, 0F3373982h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0F5F7FB06h
xor     eax, 96319630h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 2509163Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E65469A5h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9C0AFB59h
add     eax, 631F4E71h
add     eax, 524E0573h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 92147A41h
sub     eax, 0ACD0BB38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E7BFCD11h
xor     eax, 0D582EEEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E1FEF2E7h
add     eax, 5AC65C3Ah
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 141B1B24h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 1350A80Eh
sub     eax, 5ADFCFACh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E0EAAA05h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0F1C5EA82h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 9CD4BEC8h
xor     eax, 9EF03006h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 9366B32Eh
xor     eax, 0CBD76396h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 2DAB2D9Ch
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0CCB793D6h
add     eax, 0E8328CD1h
sub     eax, 4C3BE1B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 74946002h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 7BCC4A9Dh
xor     eax, 0C8C7FFA4h
add     eax, 144F9C1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C9464B63h
add     eax, 49ED2D74h
sub     eax, 3BE87F27h
sub     eax, 0A2E0812Ah
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 1AB92B45h
add     eax, 0D9B3A702h
xor     eax, 92418E51h
xor     eax, 500D8DC6h
sub     eax, 43481E19h
sub     eax, 14E99030h
add     eax, 0A48B48D4h
sub     eax, 0DF97346Bh
sub     eax, 0A0A6F698h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B00C2319h
sub     eax, 4D77E941h
add     eax, 31DEA21Bh
add     eax, 0F5D72283h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0A83333C1h
add     eax, 49E0BDA9h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0E922B21Eh
add     eax, 0A0885B76h
not     eax
add     eax, 3D082709h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 3F4961FDh
xor     eax, 0F676BC7Dh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0C39544C0h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 1F87F8F3h
xor     eax, 9D3E32C6h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 3CED8610h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2822DA1Fh
xor     eax, 0F91503A6h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 7A2448DAh
xor     eax, 299A7644h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 23269257h
add     eax, 1A3AACA7h
sub     eax, 55ED92A0h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 1EECD9D9h
add     eax, 0B9189ED1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 871D37A1h
sub     eax, 7EE48BDDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 87BBABFFh
add     eax, 7551D129h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BF60DB0Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 18677FC0h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0A304BD1Dh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 16FB6DC1h
xor     eax, 0FD6ED428h
sub     eax, 0F0B646C8h
add     eax, 0E6345798h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 10B52051h
add     eax, 1C1B072Dh
sub     eax, 410E4E3Fh
xor     eax, 34FF63F1h
sub     eax, 8A0EDC49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 40DD0D3Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 7F6B0B7Eh
add     eax, 0AED68AEEh
add     eax, 0CA3AA7A6h
add     eax, 0F85453E5h
sub     eax, 0A5E6E65Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 229F2E98h
xor     eax, 92295339h
not     eax
sub     eax, 59196DE7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8227DA5Ah
sub     eax, 6E9A7ADBh
xor     eax, 0CB1C9150h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0D0D4F83Ah
add     eax, 0B8F82800h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2E0CE52Fh
add     eax, 0D0160081h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 85BFF392h
add     eax, 0B76CB63Ah
xor     eax, 73DBCB29h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3BB145E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 73945438h
add     eax, 6ADA8AB6h
xor     eax, 9A5DF982h
xor     eax, 4F5E7856h
sub     eax, 89233F15h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 12C21D69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0FBD0C94Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0A5D20F69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 62177B54h
xor     eax, 43D3D93Ch
sub     eax, 0F32427C5h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 4E901032h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0DE0A2B9Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 161F37FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EE49A076h
sub     eax, 0C1300DCAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0D5EFD028h
add     eax, 0B1C7E4A8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 69E8FCB2h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0BDBBAB01h
xor     eax, 7AD5272Ch
add     eax, 90FA73C6h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A2E94B5Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 941FC9A0h
xor     eax, 0A3AA10D9h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 8778EB67h
xor     eax, 2C99C731h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 2239C989h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0BEF51D52h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 69C5D988h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0E781D73Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 46238C12h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 7B6FEF8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 79F5D810h
xor     eax, 0FB11244Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 38356392h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0D22426C8h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 1D425071h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A8217BE7h
sub     eax, 0ADF926F6h
xor     eax, 2A28C1F0h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F6E95785h
sub     eax, 0D4F911CAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D5D8D01Eh
sub     eax, 513861B7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B616250Eh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0F3C726DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 79E565B3h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0A098B512h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E29D616Eh
xor     eax, 2790EE1Fh
sub     eax, 6E81856Ch
sub     eax, 0E451B985h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0FCD16EDEh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0CF22BBFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0EE044B12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 245B9B47h
xor     eax, 0E15D9941h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0A7010DD5h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9E6D6E1Dh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 11E8BA64h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 4203751Bh
sub     eax, 48C9CB55h
not     eax
xor     eax, 18C06AEAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 634584EEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 41D22666h
sub     eax, 29B95A59h
xor     eax, 0D5242CA0h
xor     eax, 0FCB21C0Ah
xor     eax, 0A5BBFB8Bh
sub     eax, 0F092FA92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 5A5B91E3h
not     eax
add     eax, 90EB80CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5B456644h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 97232896h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 95CCC2AEh
sub     eax, 38077804h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0B43A319Bh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0FF1056FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 261EE7AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0A4DE108Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 86D14317h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 407697ABh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0B4E34D6Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3BD07A30h
sub     eax, 286C1739h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2EA56279h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6C7CC1D0h
add     eax, 0F2BC4B26h
xor     eax, 80387253h
not     eax
add     eax, 32F96B9Bh
xor     eax, 9FFA98B1h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 34099BCCh
xor     eax, 87204ED5h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 914EA095h
sub     eax, 33FA75A5h
sub     eax, 96D47B86h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2FC5333Eh
xor     eax, 472F5D56h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CD276865h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0F62E2019h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E4E49E25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 45B9C3DCh
xor     eax, 2F5E33ECh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 21610294h
sub     eax, 73AD8B63h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8A3D80DCh
sub     eax, 6E1CD472h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0AD87F5F9h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 705590A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7810BD2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 78E23A92h
sub     eax, 0D59F194Bh
add     eax, 0F21AF14Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D53FA854h
add     eax, 8F16DA40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8AC110A3h
xor     eax, 9AB9F35Bh
add     eax, 1AC7DC93h
add     eax, 0BFB0D577h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4B9BD83Bh
add     eax, 7756AB85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CC68E65Eh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 48A38306h
xor     eax, 5C055DE6h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3A620CCEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B3AE70B9h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F17D29ECh
xor     eax, 0EF22A29Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 9040CA0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4D63E8EAh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 227912C4h
add     eax, 0B5EE585Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1D268DEDh
add     eax, 67382A47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2FB8CC5Fh
add     eax, 4BF02A9Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4ED3BBB4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 86E7942Ah
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 8AC5350Bh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 50042ACEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 32EFEE49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 71101A1Bh
sub     eax, 46D2440Ch
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4F5B970Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 348E41E4h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0D9198388h
xor     eax, 46699E33h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 30FC40C3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 59E7FED6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 113D699Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 8E7F9176h
xor     eax, 0C99D3E84h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 33021548h
sub     eax, 7E5F4DA6h
xor     eax, 57E854DCh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 6EC612F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0C34A029Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D7F74D64h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 8ED60D39h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7BDE3C4h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0A7A552F4h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 346CAFDCh
sub     eax, 0FF18518Bh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 726A1155h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 3648D128h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2DBFCFCBh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DE0FFB68h
add     eax, 0F420E9C0h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 15045966h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0A6A18899h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 20B3F1CCh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 6B9517BDh
sub     eax, 0DC58F322h
sub     eax, 0A2079996h
xor     eax, 55FBB68Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B368D5F5h
sub     eax, 13BA0C97h
xor     eax, 7EACBC52h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FC7BF731h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 11334440h
add     eax, 977030C9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 71F1F17Fh
add     eax, 27A0E975h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FC9A5FDEh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 410074BAh
add     eax, 156D32FBh
sub     eax, 26F071A7h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 58D8A394h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A86CFC31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AC9A9AE6h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B74E9D3Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 382E639Ah
sub     eax, 87714556h
xor     eax, 4FB83C01h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 78C4A65Bh
sub     eax, 0F024761Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0AF6463E0h
xor     eax, 6DE7571Dh
add     eax, 0C6B726A1h
sub     eax, 0FDD37A18h
sub     eax, 0A55EB085h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 99D89870h
add     eax, 902A17B8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EB88AC7Eh
xor     eax, 942F2A73h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0A3408220h
sub     eax, 0DCD8C1FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 8E36F4E5h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 51CC2B62h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 82363460h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC3F6D8Ch
sub     eax, 129A94C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 371D7141h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EC57E8DDh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0C7B76A9Ah
sub     eax, 1A8FA794h
sub     eax, 0E25255E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 74EA5B7Ch
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0DC2DE7EDh
xor     eax, 6D43C1E4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 68BDBC04h
add     eax, 6F8C7E72h
xor     eax, 5AFDF651h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BC113F9Fh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 5051BCD5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 5E8C8375h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 74C79768h
xor     eax, 341D3D68h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0AC23ADD2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 97A91F85h
add     eax, 8D18C3DDh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0F16CC21Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 825FA1BFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DE6646F5h
sub     eax, 0FD73D366h
not     eax
sub     eax, 10B12CA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 2B84930Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F4261F07h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0A7598BE0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0D347F04Ch
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0AC4299E3h
sub     eax, 4D80BAE6h
xor     eax, 40829D81h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 7C435F48h
sub     eax, 34D97472h
sub     eax, 0F93894A5h
xor     eax, 4A707544h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 24AB47F1h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0D7F71F62h
add     eax, 0DD090840h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0BF02CCDFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 5486CB96h
sub     eax, 64CCC15Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 46643847h
xor     eax, 0DC03A071h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0EEB27B9Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 2C5FF2F0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 34A2C93Ch
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B85F74CEh
add     eax, 0C6835030h
xor     eax, 3192D9CEh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 82F0937Bh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4B877976h
add     eax, 7599B18Ah
sub     eax, 0A2373896h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BFC52326h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 607672A4h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0B5A57DCEh
add     eax, 9AC59808h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3E77AAADh
not     eax
sub     eax, 56817601h
add     eax, 0BD41DFD7h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 56510654h
add     eax, 8D63D6BEh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 35B01EC1h
xor     eax, 21645F2Bh
xor     eax, 7FDA4F84h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 5C38C0C3h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7135410Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BE716B2Dh
xor     eax, 7181D00Ch
add     eax, 0A0222ACBh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 29846477h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 90947626h
sub     eax, 0A87CCDA9h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 599FF6EFh
sub     eax, 0DC153B30h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 78C636B0h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0FE7F4123h
sub     eax, 494F9623h
xor     eax, 7120CB9Ah
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 9D60D7A8h
add     eax, 95CD7499h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 2C792F34h
add     eax, 989F3767h
sub     eax, 0DB752521h
add     eax, 18DDAD5Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F245734Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C44266C0h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 9DDF20C7h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 509C74CFh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 8CE3B73Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E1A3828Bh
add     eax, 3B134FDCh
add     eax, 0BACD41C5h
add     eax, 4BB41D5Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 2E1E5153h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 17816E2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7430EBB0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E356064Dh
sub     eax, 0B0B2518Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DC8AE90Ch
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0E51821B6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 27728920h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 868E7F3Dh
add     eax, 3A77DB6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BFBBA22Bh
sub     eax, 3C735BBCh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 91DB7F3Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 50EAC679h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 6B13E5F6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 55C7B629h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 2E5D4972h
sub     eax, 0B9E8B54Ch
sub     eax, 692029F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0F68CBF43h
xor     eax, 49E4F330h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 4ADC8A15h
add     eax, 24B43344h
add     eax, 0AEED8424h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A0314F31h
sub     eax, 0DC5B5CD1h
add     eax, 51708954h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 842D4325h
xor     eax, 6B4841C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D8590DA6h
xor     eax, 0F22BD241h
xor     eax, 0B599A949h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 59EA5CA7h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0CDEAD867h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FFD065B5h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0D0271B38h
add     eax, 4EF08A83h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 48F89CADh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0EE5160CCh
add     eax, 0C0F0C9A1h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 378A4488h
sub     eax, 4BE7C90Ch
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 40EF6258h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0A7B2B5B6h
xor     eax, 0A9260A89h
sub     eax, 88641A3Ah
sub     eax, 98C5CD84h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 65465F61h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 225D5123h
add     eax, 9E0804E0h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 7BCC76BCh
add     eax, 164F5F0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DE690E23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0E92291E1h
xor     eax, 0D36377DBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F3DC6EFEh
sub     eax, 0C6673A35h
add     eax, 0DC0FFA7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E37E2EFFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 41F68F64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 929FFD97h
sub     eax, 8E968362h
xor     eax, 9AAB9A57h
xor     eax, 4445B87Ch
add     eax, 0DA3667C3h
xor     eax, 0FBEC9D27h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0BCC6BB6Eh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 37EF5A12h
xor     eax, 8CC38F3Eh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 81F8FA96h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0A5DADDF3h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 54E35CADh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 9B331A7Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 8F9A2273h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 31FED42Dh
xor     eax, 65AADE03h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 7FF2C5B0h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C8DF08ADh
xor     eax, 0BC525E79h
add     eax, 5DCDEC3Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 8E83B187h
add     eax, 844BC301h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B7363234h
sub     eax, 3B7D5DEDh
sub     eax, 0B7ACC8D0h
xor     eax, 61B38BBEh
xor     eax, 9BD10B9Dh
add     eax, 546F49BCh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0D01C49EBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0A2E0CA33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0EF4A0F3Dh
xor     eax, 3281D5BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DC03DCD8h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 4E655793h
add     eax, 0C330C1F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0F0A4924Ch
sub     eax, 0E05242A4h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 2D2403E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 44F42EB5h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0D6CB83C2h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 5A745C66h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0A5F5F505h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B4C6300Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0A2D0D5DDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 5448BD9Eh
add     eax, 678ABA71h
sub     eax, 0BF84515Ah
add     eax, 54055EEBh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CA2AD37Ah
xor     eax, 0DF9D7AE7h
add     eax, 0BC3FC76Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 67662538h
add     eax, 5567A4A7h
xor     eax, 5B1DB602h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 53705FADh
xor     eax, 33A7CE74h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F536C740h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 795F7B01h
xor     eax, 0C99E76ACh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D7B25BF5h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 5A2F3A52h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4AFE4662h
xor     eax, 0E82C8471h
sub     eax, 85B4C3ABh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 72731608h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BD7DD7FCh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B8467667h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4C67D9D6h
add     eax, 8B3EADEAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4F26CA81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E3420EF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 36E57CF5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 61BFC81Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 72318982h
sub     eax, 0C8EA1F44h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 94D160E2h
xor     eax, 7458A733h
add     eax, 382666E1h
sub     eax, 7DB18C90h
sub     eax, 41F449DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0A0AB7AE6h
add     eax, 29901895h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 145E08F2h
sub     eax, 192E5314h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3FE00C73h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A8625199h
sub     eax, 0E1E89687h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0EBFE4DE1h
xor     eax, 0EEFEF837h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 3775F982h
add     eax, 0EC2A25F3h
xor     eax, 902EE576h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 125B7DADh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0B175F9F6h
add     eax, 0FC9305F3h
sub     eax, 8B30393Fh
sub     eax, 0B45843C8h
sub     eax, 0DC988B4Fh
add     eax, 0AB07708Ah
xor     eax, 0B759364Eh
sub     eax, 4C90B49Eh
add     eax, 0AB69512Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 66D3B082h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 1C4D35E8h
sub     eax, 0B343D95Fh
sub     eax, 8BB89D80h
xor     eax, 0ACB6796Bh
xor     eax, 0A83BB0DBh
xor     eax, 0A1861995h
xor     eax, 4BC79B0Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0AC0FA32Eh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0ECEB8E9Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FE523F20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 7D779B9Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8370C50Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 8DF6B17Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E2AA0772h
sub     eax, 73783E41h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 43E12D19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 464EA934h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C319D9E7h
sub     eax, 5184034Bh
add     eax, 0FDFD7B5Fh
xor     eax, 90F12516h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0ECD9F164h
xor     eax, 3CDABBD1h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 52F796CCh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0C212F352h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2B2888F2h
xor     eax, 827F5C84h
sub     eax, 1E9CA53Eh
add     eax, 75CB57F9h
sub     eax, 0BC9830A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CD31F6BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FE81A6DDh
sub     eax, 2A847C23h
add     eax, 0F717B6DFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D66BCBA9h
add     eax, 10B4786Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DAF84612h
add     eax, 0B3C7ACD2h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 668A1C28h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 8B0D0B5Eh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0ABCA8316h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 5B70E835h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0D012413Ah
xor     eax, 0CF0D9210h
xor     eax, 686F9D50h
add     eax, 0ED7A34EFh
add     eax, 3ADC743Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2402A923h
add     eax, 32EB347Ch
xor     eax, 0B6241518h
not     eax
add     eax, 9EFCC9A9h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 5076F6C9h
xor     eax, 0AFFC336Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 8009121Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C3B96CDEh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C41D4886h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DEEEECE1h
xor     eax, 6E5A880Ah
sub     eax, 0D899AEB1h
sub     eax, 8A00BD42h
sub     eax, 1B8920DCh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 583F64B4h
add     eax, 0D690BF96h
xor     eax, 0F8DAC240h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 20C4BDE2h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 30AD0EB6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 1E9D68CEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C70083E2h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5BCDB908h
add     eax, 0DCAFA688h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 84F05C6Dh
sub     eax, 12DE4B3Dh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 96AE9B99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0DB5CEF06h
sub     eax, 7BE8EB01h
sub     eax, 99630526h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 27322455h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0E4868FDEh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0A65C6041h
xor     eax, 0E2E9DB23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1850ED10h
xor     eax, 0B393A608h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F09A6760h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7E94640Ch
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C83855FCh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 2C421BA6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DE6D65AEh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 19E00325h
sub     eax, 937A2749h
sub     eax, 0F4D395FCh
add     eax, 9B0AF584h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 139CE672h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 465CCE8Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 4AE7D3D6h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B86597D8h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BA23B2ADh
add     eax, 185DEE37h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0F937ED55h
xor     eax, 0B67610B3h
add     eax, 0EE35AA99h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0B6A4848Fh
add     eax, 30E112BAh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3FF0F15Bh
sub     eax, 54A5B4D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C432FCBCh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 7D41A7A4h
sub     eax, 5196F31Bh
sub     eax, 0EE972EF0h
not     eax
add     eax, 5987BF84h
xor     eax, 0F7F49758h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D541949Ch
add     eax, 0F304AB32h
xor     eax, 0C32D550Dh
sub     eax, 4BE696E4h
sub     eax, 0DED2B786h
add     eax, 0F0EF0FCCh
add     eax, 0FBDA4DECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0BAEAC6C9h
add     eax, 2BAF6599h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E1D28952h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 0F2E8FD90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 723D1B1Fh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0B1DBEAB2h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 3D864A57h
add     eax, 644F01F1h
add     eax, 0F95084C0h
add     eax, 60F5F6F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 20479691h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A1162484h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FDDACE85h
sub     eax, 680A8736h
xor     eax, 75D62194h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C9DEC42Ch
add     eax, 0C7CD619Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0C86460D8h
add     eax, 0F50BEB7Fh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 23DD9147h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0ACF828A9h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 90A7A9FEh
add     eax, 8069461Eh
xor     eax, 0BEBB7E90h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0FFF29A3Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 7D49684Bh
sub     eax, 0B407697Dh
add     eax, 0BC8C9597h
sub     eax, 0B7661E3Ch
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 4411BED3h
add     eax, 0F630D7A4h
add     eax, 2B1EB074h
sub     eax, 40CF33FEh
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0C6462229h
sub     eax, 9FE89129h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 54DBE105h
add     eax, 0AB72A631h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0C6203005h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 35F595D2h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8A6DB257h
sub     eax, 863A27FEh
add     eax, 0BF9DF3FAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 2D4C1564h
not     eax
add     eax, 7581F11Bh
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 8CF856F5h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 7482BA45h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 89D3788Ch
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0CD13F525h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 14928686h
sub     eax, 60856D5Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2CAC7B5Ah
add     eax, 82892FC6h
sub     eax, 0A79FED6Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0C6F93561h
add     eax, 0DF459C57h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BE4949B1h
add     eax, 912BF94Ah
sub     eax, 4E0FCD9Bh
add     eax, 7EFA8A6Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4E766393h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F59AF506h
sub     eax, 24E8EBDCh
add     eax, 5D3BB360h
not     eax
sub     eax, 25B864F7h
xor     eax, 2DF1E899h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 3D6EADDAh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 211A053Bh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FEB76817h
sub     eax, 0AE83FB9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 13981260h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 15A1EC87h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 247131A6h
sub     eax, 0DCE2D061h
sub     eax, 8400EA5Dh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 48652BDFh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 9319369Ch
add     eax, 0DE328710h
add     eax, 0F2584917h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 7B320DCBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B3AB6FC6h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0A29FF4FBh
add     eax, 0BFB5B5B8h
sub     eax, 820C6094h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 23DEC2FDh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 15C05552h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 48B36F9Ah
sub     eax, 857118D7h
sub     eax, 14308E39h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2EE51887h
add     eax, 0D313A2B5h
add     eax, 2EB35B61h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1DCB98C3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B626B4CAh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 5CCD0E74h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 2554AC2Ch
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0C7618F1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 58700E04h
sub     eax, 2A3BC954h
xor     eax, 94077AC5h
not     eax
add     eax, 7327364Bh
add     eax, 7A7110C7h
sub     eax, 0DD7B12CAh
add     eax, 4B061846h
add     eax, 0CC711921h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0A476AD68h
xor     eax, 6EEE7748h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A7E4EADAh
add     eax, 6E2B6379h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F560876Eh
add     eax, 49EA7860h
not     eax
add     eax, 10A12F78h
sub     eax, 9AE10861h
sub     eax, 0C577BD2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D229B85h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 38B2CDB6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0B33539F2h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0E4E222F1h
add     eax, 93EB6A0Eh
xor     eax, 346EF6A3h
xor     eax, 0F4E6586Dh
add     eax, 0C68394D9h
add     eax, 852AEC1Ch
add     eax, 0E70D9E24h
xor     eax, 0F180FA4Ch
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0CC17D6CBh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 9CC03C16h
sub     eax, 2E2AC996h
not     eax
add     eax, 16AEC26Ah
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 3D180A44h
add     eax, 0EB4E4552h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B0528804h
sub     eax, 411D9C5Ah
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0C62F24AFh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 7B5F828Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BF2C01F6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0B6E9E148h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F92B8548h
xor     eax, 0F18BD142h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4A336C80h
sub     eax, 1001993Ch
sub     eax, 9FE990B0h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 528A93FBh
xor     eax, 0A89B8BE4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4E96AC26h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F226365Fh
add     eax, 0ACB74369h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 554D6B6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B70018A7h
add     eax, 750CB812h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 2076BB48h
xor     eax, 0D7594032h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0F7798245h
sub     eax, 9F4AE791h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 9C9F89ECh
add     eax, 4BADD467h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0F5E560CBh
add     eax, 73910166h
xor     eax, 0C290A56Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 9E659ECFh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0F96C593Eh
xor     eax, 521D5341h
sub     eax, 0CEB765DEh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 83F4D562h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0C9EE0342h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 870A693Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2994FF09h
xor     eax, 1CE92320h
xor     eax, 1AB69317h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0B31C1B12h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0E785FAA4h
sub     eax, 98C2A36Ah
xor     eax, 0F31BC753h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 144DB71Dh
add     eax, 76CE3C25h
xor     eax, 0EF16B8DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7FA9E4FBh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2691DCA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 39B55955h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 20151A84h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FC724AB1h
add     eax, 0DBDE2D29h
add     eax, 2A7FEA84h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 3E173CC4h
not     eax
add     eax, 7689430Fh
xor     eax, 94E7C619h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A072C48Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C67218B8h
add     eax, 0EB3E26CCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0F4D35474h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0C7E43E2Ah
xor     eax, 0E8051B33h
add     eax, 0B30D72F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 85AEBA89h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 513DA5ABh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 67F1CDCBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C9C079B9h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 8BED36F5h
xor     eax, 0BDC092AFh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 27D73FB8h
add     eax, 0EC2BFCB6h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C9E63EE6h
add     eax, 38D843C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2A02297Dh
add     eax, 92E5341Dh
add     eax, 76446BFEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EEBB7091h
add     eax, 0DBA7088Ch
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 804E12AAh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 47A71418h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0D9047030h
xor     eax, 83FBC812h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2FA9E28Fh
xor     eax, 0ADAAFCA9h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FEE235D4h
not     eax
add     eax, 62A01380h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DA557D55h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0F0E7A41Dh
add     eax, 22CACC73h
xor     eax, 18EB4A35h
xor     eax, 27FBBBE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DDACFD92h
xor     eax, 519FE810h
sub     eax, 8A148757h
sub     eax, 1A754319h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 95CD6332h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B4EA3A25h
sub     eax, 3DE96DD6h
xor     eax, 2B218C37h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 3FA70FECh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E3CA5508h
xor     eax, 17DB6D57h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 8F47594Ah
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 2235751Dh
xor     eax, 0CE71C7E9h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0E99D343Dh
sub     eax, 0D8E2E1E5h
add     eax, 3FD0321Fh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2B28BD07h
add     eax, 10AA6CE7h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 20266977h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 85C2A63Ch
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F71AF279h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F1F2E7D9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4EF102E1h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4B6BD8AAh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 9959B6E2h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 7AE19480h
xor     eax, 3954FB80h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 77477365h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CC82F93Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0F875ADD6h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 664E73CAh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 2CDA2E25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 95659F09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E1C189E2h
add     eax, 281D70DEh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0E0EA1CE2h
add     eax, 38A8015Ch
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 3C7449ABh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C1F869F8h
sub     eax, 0F1C7B095h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 19EC4E5Fh
sub     eax, 551C4F0Fh
sub     eax, 0D039B97Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 291129AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5140D109h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0AF369B50h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 89BB6680h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 3B6DD517h
sub     eax, 2D26526Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C8258C15h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0A7DBE32Ch
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DD6AAD82h
add     eax, 0C32DDC38h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C4E963AFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A6E9533Bh
add     eax, 0BC751BFBh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 11DE36BDh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0B33B819Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D8309D06h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 15B9D74Ch
xor     eax, 886C5C3Bh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 19CA7C19h
sub     eax, 0D1FF42DCh
add     eax, 59A90017h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0F1CCF1AAh
add     eax, 0EF03EE6Dh
xor     eax, 3CAAAFB8h
add     eax, 0DDF8A56Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0A010542Dh
add     eax, 5606C2DBh
xor     eax, 0E25D7FA1h
sub     eax, 227916EFh
sub     eax, 668AC9E2h
not     eax
add     eax, 2A7A48CCh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 3A14BA2Fh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 158C19C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4E90EF8Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0B533C9E7h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 2EED6FD8h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 799B17F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 15EC625Dh
xor     eax, 0A1DECF8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4D8F1B9Ch
xor     eax, 15859628h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 4845B04Eh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B97B5CA9h
sub     eax, 0E87539D1h
xor     eax, 9A1C49EEh
xor     eax, 0C4A63DE6h
sub     eax, 0AD801A45h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E786A2A0h
xor     eax, 0A106F918h
add     eax, 0E1E24E7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C82B528Bh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7D40E8A9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 4447E1A8h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B94E5BA7h
add     eax, 809B0732h
add     eax, 0F32AB78Bh
xor     eax, 743D9F83h
xor     eax, 38D4249Eh
add     eax, 0D0E0ADDCh
sub     eax, 37A43B7Bh
xor     eax, 364431C8h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 63DE51E9h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 9A7B0EDAh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7E4C61E0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3FD06CF8h
sub     eax, 8B7250CEh
add     eax, 96AC0984h
xor     eax, 0DD7476C9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 51FB72C3h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6E49A27Ch
xor     eax, 3DBAEE94h
xor     eax, 4B4B0EFFh
sub     eax, 49BE142Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 488D01ABh
add     eax, 98366244h
add     eax, 7A6F8E20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 2DBF7CDAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 89DDA544h
xor     eax, 0A21E209Eh
add     eax, 1DC5204Eh
add     eax, 0DC002E07h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 38F41B35h
add     eax, 2F490727h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 19818BE1h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3ABA1BAAh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0D458A5A4h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0CE3C5DB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F032F386h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0DC1F7C8Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8C00DAE6h
sub     eax, 0F368FF3Fh
sub     eax, 442A4F91h
add     eax, 21477225h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 40FF22CEh
sub     eax, 0DB3A6EC0h
add     eax, 0A6E4E895h
xor     eax, 86F1C449h
xor     eax, 2C28126Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 27609650h
xor     eax, 58AC59DFh
xor     eax, 0A6BEFFD6h
xor     eax, 0DAA33198h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0D72CC61Eh
xor     eax, 4DF9D9A7h
add     eax, 8DF551B1h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 2465876Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 3D23E7CFh
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0DE43C323h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0D453E45Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0F36D3216h
xor     eax, 97CA2F69h
sub     eax, 8ADEC961h
xor     eax, 2F4B471Ch
add     eax, 0C876BCA2h
xor     eax, 0E2CF1FEDh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0BC0E5CAFh
sub     eax, 6430F60Bh
add     eax, 5808A214h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 8DC29A9Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6FC52F6Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0C5F4CE25h
sub     eax, 913655BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0E1911122h
xor     eax, 0D306F9EBh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 7516BA84h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C017F23Bh
xor     eax, 39D72C7Ah
add     eax, 0D8FFF018h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0DC16F5E3h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 3ACA1509h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9BF33ED4h
xor     eax, 0C831C5BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 454B15C5h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 92D663A0h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0FB187DFDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9B66ECDEh
add     eax, 0EA76C2A5h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BE14306Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4C38745Ah
xor     eax, 0B2044007h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 70BD3E95h
sub     eax, 10F88EEDh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 52C2DC8Dh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 1D310EE9h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 38B9C88Dh
sub     eax, 0D59B69BCh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0E1A6DC7Bh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 782944D8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 1CBCFCAEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8F60DB03h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0E5849BC7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CF57E174h
sub     eax, 0B54FDE8Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0FAE995C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F0E4A1AFh
add     eax, 0EAF5D107h
xor     eax, 58156776h
sub     eax, 3B589B3Dh
sub     eax, 0E7F7906Bh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5F88569Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FBB2A07Eh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0D0DF368Dh
sub     eax, 0A0CFEC14h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0DCEE2118h
xor     eax, 602FA7FAh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 137FDB24h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FEA4647Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 43C6E7EBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0E356405Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 791A6E8Ah
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 30E2EC33h
xor     eax, 162F03C5h
xor     eax, 77148111h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 5BAFE4D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8E3FE32Dh
sub     eax, 0E822C995h
add     eax, 4E11D8FDh
add     eax, 2E56E8D2h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 56FB42D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0A8344455h
sub     eax, 671747F0h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7A37F6A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0CD0DEC9Dh
sub     eax, 4BC96EF6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AB09C188h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6FE6D1DBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E9998178h
sub     eax, 0DA74875Ch
sub     eax, 0FBFE0A92h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0A430A343h
sub     eax, 1ACB82ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CC3C18E8h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 192A2A85h
add     eax, 0FF08C3D8h
add     eax, 94D7C307h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 87E7A84Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 61F1897Bh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 6790EA0Ch
add     eax, 63776250h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C8BFE351h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 9F737ACCh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0F6069607h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 58AB0A89h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A6998E8Ch
sub     eax, 0D1EC3823h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7B52BF8Bh
add     eax, 23A7C1E7h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0D3D1AA30h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 87514130h
add     eax, 22C233C7h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0BCA75438h
add     eax, 80357349h
xor     eax, 0BA4A5ABDh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 4DAD5B8Ch
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E6AAC78Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 68A6BAECh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 8F38883Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0F2F97F25h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 18527870h
sub     eax, 4F861A7Dh
xor     eax, 40BE4360h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0DF034EC0h
sub     eax, 5B5F85FFh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 19A2FFC7h
add     eax, 0AEDDE65Ah
add     eax, 30B9583Ch
add     eax, 9D7DD7BEh
sub     eax, 8F2AE753h
xor     eax, 0C52768FBh
sub     eax, 0A168E04Dh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 4E89D645h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 346C61D6h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 5C1FD683h
not     eax
add     eax, 8970E99Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 875DCE76h
sub     eax, 3BBFC034h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 2AB95BFFh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DF543478h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 496FC49Eh
add     eax, 2C4C66CBh
sub     eax, 5E4F2843h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0F45B0715h
add     eax, 1CBBD933h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 5D5F5CF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6F6BEDDFh
sub     eax, 3EFC1650h
add     eax, 17651DCCh
add     eax, 0F1D50802h
add     eax, 48AB7D35h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3D8BECD1h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0E13D3797h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B2E56212h
add     eax, 0A5D364B4h
xor     eax, 0F25732C8h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0A63D0594h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0AD320139h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6D4CA096h
add     eax, 3CAC213Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6D6BFE12h
add     eax, 3DD9D723h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 6A120B01h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C175A94Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 68BC9CF5h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DBCD1EF9h
xor     eax, 9253138Eh
sub     eax, 3E688A8Ah
xor     eax, 0DAE2FC6Bh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D5C7406Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 41A49848h
sub     eax, 56330316h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 26BA1E4Dh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 96203E82h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 14FF9568h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0AB27FA93h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 57EBFCD4h
add     eax, 3DC60529h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E102F78Ah
sub     eax, 0C83F0583h
xor     eax, 1C5A0E52h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8221BF70h
xor     eax, 1DC4FDA4h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 7BFE0D96h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0BCB229A0h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 6C74385Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7CE45A8Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 43CA8C0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0B0B8C368h
sub     eax, 379866FEh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CC015A44h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 90C7CE00h
add     eax, 0A672138Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD6D6878h
add     eax, 0D4BAD2D0h
add     eax, 9ECCAF64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0E53DC299h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 5F247D38h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0DDA4DEDFh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 921977A2h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 10471A00h
sub     eax, 0BFC27A98h
xor     eax, 11310634h
sub     eax, 3DB4A967h
sub     eax, 1784B816h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0DCE4E0E3h
sub     eax, 6ACA34B2h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C036FB35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C021EDCBh
xor     eax, 0D69816FFh
xor     eax, 6036D29Bh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 8228508Dh
xor     eax, 0CCB04A66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B262527Ch
add     eax, 0AC7DD760h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C15BFAB3h
sub     eax, 27CD0302h
sub     eax, 6BA6EA75h
xor     eax, 2313C27Ch
sub     eax, 823622E0h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 60A695CEh
add     eax, 0DA669DCEh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 97E6748Dh
add     eax, 0B3EA294Eh
add     eax, 0AF28C769h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 925AE214h
xor     eax, 0AF4DCA1Dh
sub     eax, 1E5693FEh
add     eax, 0ACC8E432h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0EB465DB7h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0D9053990h
xor     eax, 0D4BCDBAAh
add     eax, 0C7C76862h
xor     eax, 7404260Bh
sub     eax, 530D5DF1h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 3726AFCCh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FDB0CDE6h
add     eax, 347873ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 971BA166h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 1AD9DCD6h
add     eax, 0D7555DFCh
add     eax, 391161F2h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 371AB11Fh
add     eax, 45C7F1E1h
add     eax, 0B6AC66BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C6894830h
add     eax, 0B6A7B4D0h
add     eax, 461B3673h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 2D1D5E2Eh
xor     eax, 0E2C89A98h
sub     eax, 0AEAA1EDFh
sub     eax, 0A5E4A8D8h
add     eax, 42315B4Fh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 63024E9Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 6958020Fh
add     eax, 0C29F90EAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C8F33D6Eh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 5A379B2Eh
add     eax, 160F6A5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0DC838A7Fh
xor     eax, 0E507AF31h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 498B0674h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0B324CCBDh
add     eax, 189B8F13h
sub     eax, 2A5DB238h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 44D984C2h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 35B38404h
add     eax, 6C6716B4h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0EE26FB2Fh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 7CD7F8FCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6A7DC798h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0EB7FF1D4h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0BA48F63Dh
xor     eax, 0FF32CA6Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 83BC3342h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0D9743F75h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 153DAED2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 77902A59h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C2EA6829h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0D0F9B32Dh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 4AFCC8A1h
sub     eax, 0ED655307h
xor     eax, 0CC22C4BDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 3E4B97B4h
add     eax, 87DFCA7Ah
add     eax, 0B0AFA640h
sub     eax, 59B24B78h
add     eax, 0FE7370ABh
xor     eax, 0C38C7280h
add     eax, 5E171CBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 443C5DF7h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0C0EC10BAh
sub     eax, 27478E00h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 37CEE28Ch
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 95E00ABAh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0DA47EFBCh
add     eax, 853AA9F2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0BDE46196h
xor     eax, 0FAEBD8A9h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 8D174DBBh
sub     eax, 0A1BFB8AEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 2EEF30ABh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0C712CB8Bh
xor     eax, 0C81455DEh
xor     eax, 1D1CA656h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 199A2645h
not     eax
add     eax, 4DF29682h
sub     eax, 17699CF5h
xor     eax, 0BFB40E4Fh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 6AE8B179h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 72BEB3E6h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0B19D0A96h
xor     eax, 0EC070D5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2A4D859Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 219FBF4Ah
add     eax, 0E4ED82B0h
xor     eax, 0A3C5CC91h
sub     eax, 9472D17Fh
sub     eax, 0C5BBAE14h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5B84AB0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8D34877Eh
add     eax, 4D4EE833h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 7E7EF92Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 45C2B0EEh
sub     eax, 10C880F4h
add     eax, 0CFC2CE09h
add     eax, 38C6D659h
sub     eax, 0F3F612A8h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A4AC43CDh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 32178B33h
xor     eax, 5F519C9Eh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0F6C4FE9Ch
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 328F1B4Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 51E09FB2h
xor     eax, 8DBAF8C5h
add     eax, 562B6980h
sub     eax, 3FBC1752h
add     eax, 621C2FDEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F181AE93h
not     eax
add     eax, 7358E345h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 62D01DECh
xor     eax, 0D950EB5Ah
add     eax, 0F4449199h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 53E0C6C2h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0FFDB7735h
add     eax, 0B9B2CAC3h
add     eax, 0D32AE89Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 85C333E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0ECD6F19Eh
sub     eax, 4ABCCB7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D9DAF1D2h
xor     eax, 36FFF8A4h
sub     eax, 0DDE99DDFh
add     eax, 90F4E47Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7B627B0h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 8153F64Eh
sub     eax, 0B9D7E726h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0CF8945E7h
sub     eax, 3234024Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E7C7176Bh
add     eax, 0E0A6B0ECh
xor     eax, 0EC0691DFh
xor     eax, 0EBD4FAD3h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0D9046C33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 653BCB51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F84716E5h
xor     eax, 712C421Ch
add     eax, 83AA7506h
add     eax, 35E0EB7Ch
add     eax, 183F5818h
sub     eax, 8479ED53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 47214CE8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0F92BC0B7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 5F074E1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D4BDEDC0h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0AC897CF4h
add     eax, 0FAC9ACC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2A43C978h
add     eax, 1A8C5EE2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6FB7E950h
add     eax, 801AAB2Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 5963829Eh
add     eax, 5DC9BCC9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CD22EE31h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0E866CE65h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 4D671141h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F931F21Eh
xor     eax, 99712034h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D56BA2E8h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E13C5B9Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 67FBCA66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E6633CF2h
add     eax, 0C4961553h
add     eax, 0A4EFC3BCh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0BD82D4EEh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A8BD988Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D576B3C0h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0FF8E46E3h
sub     eax, 0C212D455h
sub     eax, 98E86807h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 6820F2E8h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0CACB87F0h
xor     eax, 7CC7C7D9h
sub     eax, 7C03D91Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 9004A2BDh
xor     eax, 86D3ECFDh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 9D050987h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9AA6133Bh
xor     eax, 9699C4A8h
xor     eax, 0E4925F7Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B4DBBC3Dh
xor     eax, 5E7FCF4Eh
xor     eax, 75197E36h
sub     eax, 53D7D375h
xor     eax, 2C57BA11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 255EACA3h
xor     eax, 5A5591B7h
xor     eax, 0CDAAA8FCh
xor     eax, 0E5D8614Fh
sub     eax, 0E0243072h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0A49891A2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0F05B4ED2h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 24D417EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 8E225CB8h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0F008D8A2h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B4B54A43h
xor     eax, 2E732E62h
sub     eax, 5845EA2Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E4C18BA6h
xor     eax, 0DDCB31B8h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 58DF07DEh
sub     eax, 0C78D0376h
add     eax, 676496D1h
xor     eax, 63D5058Dh
sub     eax, 77E745B4h
xor     eax, 4DB496DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 8877C35Dh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0CFB7FB99h
not     eax
add     eax, 9AAAB4BFh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 637166BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 388A3642h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F7DEEC65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E5718CABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E29D69D7h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0C2628DB1h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0CC5E4224h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 2B114DCAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F70CE9B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 3FE15136h
add     eax, 0CDA492F0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E85EBB97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 88EA8C69h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 97A80F3Dh
sub     eax, 0F9F758C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AEAB1C25h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0ED0CFD4Fh
xor     eax, 3DBD0268h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 48C7557Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4DDB4C6Ah
add     eax, 2D91017Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9A76C8ECh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 883CE542h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 4F0494A7h
xor     eax, 2A78A411h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 94F9A629h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 4C4A65B9h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0A546D394h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0BC583A08h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0BE3E25F0h
sub     eax, 0B5C2999Bh
xor     eax, 5CA0BD9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BDBEB2B2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A402875Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E6AFFF8Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 3E374FD2h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 2696F33Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 6B1A3F30h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A1A765CBh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 38F86AA2h
sub     eax, 0C01079E1h
sub     eax, 0FB19B025h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 3B4C25AFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 5528AA7Fh
xor     eax, 10A7E27Ch
add     eax, 8E3E57BAh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 8F622918h
sub     eax, 0A77430B5h
sub     eax, 0EEA8B1CEh
sub     eax, 85FF01EBh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 8F2B64AEh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0D46859EBh
sub     eax, 63795C39h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 73CB6435h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 95AD774Ah
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2EFF7B74h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 89C77422h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 1E04C648h
add     eax, 407B76C1h
sub     eax, 67D6B97Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B46B5200h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 2CCE235Fh
sub     eax, 3A860504h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E14E3EB1h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 3D18D383h
sub     eax, 6AE542ABh
sub     eax, 927B2FD3h
add     eax, 0BF4846A6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0A66EC0D2h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0CC5E3704h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 2EB9966Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0F05EF0EBh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0C1773D64h
not     eax
sub     eax, 51E016D5h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0B3F833DFh
sub     eax, 0EE40D534h
add     eax, 2927594Dh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7BE1E1BFh
add     eax, 91648F1Ah
xor     eax, 0F3D0470Ah
add     eax, 1AD78FCDh
add     eax, 47603E82h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 54B44D46h
add     eax, 91704C2Dh
add     eax, 8E60E451h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0ED526D4Bh
xor     eax, 0FD94ADB8h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0C45F3B61h
sub     eax, 53D3341Ch
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0AE0F87FAh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 6F286FD9h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 94588814h
sub     eax, 0C06A0D9Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5E200E58h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 4201C2B1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EC825F89h
xor     eax, 2DBFB118h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FDFCD6AFh
add     eax, 9AB758B6h
add     eax, 0F30E9EB6h
add     eax, 314616BEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FACDC338h
not     eax
add     eax, 3531387Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 454BD7B3h
xor     eax, 0D3294B89h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 13898148h
sub     eax, 673A670Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 935E8816h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F815ECA6h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 89114FFFh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 404439BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0C17A3078h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CDDA39A9h
sub     eax, 90DA9BC2h
sub     eax, 0FE83E4B2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2706A4E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5CA6F344h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2EE02E03h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 72291D2Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FA01A9BEh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 7A93197Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 9E64AAD4h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C2827D01h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 4108B53Dh
add     eax, 0F78409EFh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3F141FC6h
xor     eax, 0E5E97BC9h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3CA2CB9Ch
sub     eax, 1F28176Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 25E95683h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5FE6E244h
sub     eax, 0CEAB9AD2h
sub     eax, 78A9A2FFh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0CE752F9Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 46491FD4h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 279CB8B2h
xor     eax, 46624BFBh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0D10F2602h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 4DE6A970h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D4C71E6Bh
sub     eax, 3AB7C1E5h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 836B6470h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 1209D568h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B41A58BDh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0DAC2B36Ah
xor     eax, 3853849Eh
add     eax, 81C15F73h
add     eax, 91C53138h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CA0EF1CBh
add     eax, 9733309Ah
xor     eax, 58CCF8B0h
sub     eax, 4877D41Dh
add     eax, 0D3FF90E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 96C0953Bh
sub     eax, 0AA45BF38h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 6550A495h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 4E5DEFF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 239088EBh
add     eax, 0BD3A60CCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 127414D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3FA9A9B3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D275AC7Ch
xor     eax, 0C7B84178h
add     eax, 12D55E2Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 6A18371Fh
sub     eax, 16B379B3h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 606F9BE3h
add     eax, 0EBAA0178h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 28E95464h
xor     eax, 8992B318h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0B9C8ADCAh
sub     eax, 0A55A5792h
sub     eax, 0E5628BC6h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 33FE89B8h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0AABDCD00h
xor     eax, 243D6810h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 39279AACh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F9AFB318h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AF4AF0FEh
add     eax, 9115B071h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0C746F48Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 82FB5A58h
add     eax, 5222A01Dh
sub     eax, 9657AA90h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0BCFB1CB3h
add     eax, 0BC09C7BFh
xor     eax, 0C2B151A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6E815C1Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8CE5AAFEh
add     eax, 46FE7446h
add     eax, 6FE85FC8h
sub     eax, 280ED596h
add     eax, 0E7626AF5h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0DF3ABCB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8C32AD99h
add     eax, 0DD803107h
xor     eax, 0FE16C899h
not     eax
sub     eax, 65BED721h
sub     eax, 4DD69359h
add     eax, 0F18035D4h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 99954BFFh
add     eax, 95F10F40h
add     eax, 65B3B236h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0BC571213h
add     eax, 907FFC41h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 470AECA1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0CA6F03CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A8CC806Fh
sub     eax, 5DE744EBh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 4183BCFBh
add     eax, 5D9A095Ah
add     eax, 0E33A38F3h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0BD7859B7h
sub     eax, 0B9FD2E81h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 0C44458D0h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 7BBEDA34h
sub     eax, 0E724AC47h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0DD60D19Ah
add     eax, 7D5999CCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 58461D47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 2D88F36Bh
add     eax, 0E213EAB6h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F565AAD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 24E760CFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BBE8D7A2h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 279AB040h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D6EB0AC7h
add     eax, 5A5B1ABAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 1EB14E02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0DBB64601h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 1C48015Ah
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0EBC95FB1h
sub     eax, 0F83A7346h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 1A2AF85Eh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 9D9D5057h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 698B56ADh
xor     eax, 0D4AD0F29h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 12277563h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 71A1D355h
add     eax, 6FDF4E3Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 3D9549CEh
sub     eax, 2069D541h
xor     eax, 41799538h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 13DED827h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 35482F8Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 83E8A9E7h
sub     eax, 7F7B8EE8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0E9A79281h
xor     eax, 7CBE75B9h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 1E544AC4h
sub     eax, 396443E0h
add     eax, 0E8151B0Fh
xor     eax, 7C4C3442h
sub     eax, 62E63E5Ch
sub     eax, 0E7249272h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 644A579Ah
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 94841809h
xor     eax, 0AD43866Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 87A72EECh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0B99DECA2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 1025660Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7DE7CF6Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B887E7CCh
xor     eax, 0F76A2C15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B50FFC44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7C0E997Ah
xor     eax, 5C869898h
add     eax, 0E1760E3Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0B9CA188Bh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0DE56CD31h
sub     eax, 4D18F908h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 571D8159h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FCF4CF58h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 37044DBDh
not     eax
add     eax, 39E4C65Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0C42E5BC7h
sub     eax, 8B83A947h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 278226B0h
add     eax, 47E042D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 470E7659h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 896B4CCBh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 62A91AFEh
xor     eax, 4845B918h
add     eax, 63BC7C02h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0DD9F54B4h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 117C157Dh
add     eax, 602308B8h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AFBB63D9h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 5FF3562Ah
sub     eax, 50D72304h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0A082D3C5h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 5B9F0A81h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 274950DBh
xor     eax, 42CB29D3h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0B54CB475h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 8129B6FDh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 7BBA5E84h
add     eax, 21B2097Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 67DAF414h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EF64D6F9h
add     eax, 75E147BFh
xor     eax, 9CC6E6B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FC3A6924h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 0C5CFAA90h
sub     eax, 0B269E71Fh
add     eax, 0B7C65027h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0C5041CBFh
xor     eax, 0EDD00762h
sub     eax, 8EE0DFB8h
add     eax, 0B6F07F0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0B7281CBAh
add     eax, 0A474D4A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D72EA847h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CDB07718h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CD63835Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 13963362h
add     eax, 6294D547h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 112B8620h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 757DC5C3h
xor     eax, 0BF4C7738h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 7FDDC719h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 171361CDh
add     eax, 748D0334h
add     eax, 231A6558h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 22B83036h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2C65A29Ch
add     eax, 94A26C3Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 124895AFh
add     eax, 6A919921h
add     eax, 29ACAD3Fh
add     eax, 0C309A19Ah
add     eax, 6045635Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0AD33EFE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 51A758BAh
sub     eax, 0A715C007h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 5919F1EBh
sub     eax, 947EDA2Ah
xor     eax, 40C5FFB2h
xor     eax, 54C77D62h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 869B2B26h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0BAF09A63h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7A510610h
add     eax, 0BB0EDBA2h
add     eax, 5A5CB460h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 3437D9E9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 68E9E278h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 48DF2B7Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0F5438978h
xor     eax, 3DEBC65Ch
sub     eax, 0DBA6720Bh
add     eax, 3FB8E472h
xor     eax, 8358797Dh
xor     eax, 0B542B6E8h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 36FBE6D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AC9ED87Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B2AF9690h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 2CD3F80Fh
add     eax, 7DEA89F6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6E401B24h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C59B876Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 84566723h
sub     eax, 0AA46AF1Ch
sub     eax, 0DF72082Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C86A4FCCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5EBCB24Dh
sub     eax, 57D156D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6AF75AD2h
add     eax, 38D08212h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1A906585h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 27922F0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B2E4C25Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1B6CF3AFh
xor     eax, 426223FDh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 50D399CBh
add     eax, 4D8E5377h
not     eax
add     eax, 0ED8B964Ah
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 2E794C5Ah
sub     eax, 22C0BFC7h
xor     eax, 7398D247h
xor     eax, 0BD11808Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 9F462D89h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA0C33FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8A904465h
sub     eax, 0C4AE3282h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AFDEFBD7h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 1294CEF7h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0F1234CA4h
xor     eax, 0CB9CA6F6h
xor     eax, 71482BAAh
xor     eax, 163D0540h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FBE3608Dh
xor     eax, 22D6A790h
sub     eax, 0C2EF0744h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0D4D89D44h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 91931FBFh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0E6A1B740h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 3926B1B7h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 5A23F34Ah
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0DFC6C9FDh
add     eax, 6335B952h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F2C547BAh
sub     eax, 43755F6Fh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 998BEC23h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 187EBF06h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7ABCF926h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0AC45B562h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 88DB2861h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 5243491Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 940711F6h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0C59A74FFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BA3CA0BFh
add     eax, 7531DFB2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DA0A48D7h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 9E854C10h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E9D0C0A5h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 13A2A327h
sub     eax, 80B9B3C6h
xor     eax, 9C93F8D2h
sub     eax, 622044F0h
add     eax, 0A621F00Fh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 753C2A69h
xor     eax, 7A2A107Fh
xor     eax, 5AD06CE0h
sub     eax, 5B9F9B36h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0DB9CE5E6h
sub     eax, 2E6AB8EEh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0B328C1C5h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0E9F735B3h
xor     eax, 560D985Fh
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 1C0F52A2h
sub     eax, 6F4EDCBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0B619907Bh
xor     eax, 24A915F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A7E708A2h
sub     eax, 35E5C60Ch
add     eax, 0D9A1EE6Fh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0B9C2D7B0h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D7463FBFh
xor     eax, 45ED40B0h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0BAC44917h
add     eax, 0EEE19296h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0E0A2AA54h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 79A4D6FEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0DB3B6DB8h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 85B08BDBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 5366C790h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CA562446h
add     eax, 8216E96Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B764BFE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EF87E874h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 94F1528Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 7F2691D7h
sub     eax, 79E79E75h
xor     eax, 0F6CAD6DAh
xor     eax, 84BDAB7Fh
sub     eax, 32E18233h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 38916C22h
add     eax, 944738A8h
xor     eax, 25BFD917h
sub     eax, 1E566415h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 84C5E416h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 390B7D3Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4893B1F8h
xor     eax, 9EF20A24h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0AF22E774h
sub     eax, 0E0A05734h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AAB09D36h
xor     eax, 31DB8545h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 15FD25BAh
xor     eax, 0E27FF4F2h
add     eax, 0A500E68Fh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 10C82AFAh
add     eax, 5B889B03h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6A6B5E93h
add     eax, 0CA313C8Bh
sub     eax, 40D944E4h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 8D20E626h
add     eax, 0C70AEF96h
add     eax, 0F8ABA6AEh
sub     eax, 70EBB88Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AFF7FFD9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 263A35DEh
add     eax, 8CAF6B6Eh
xor     eax, 8551209Dh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 38E1C0D1h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 9EF0F806h
xor     eax, 462906F7h
xor     eax, 0BB798A88h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0F6EA9A92h
add     eax, 8F3C5B65h
sub     eax, 0F79D6F97h
sub     eax, 8B44A68Ch
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 745BDAF4h
sub     eax, 500E672Fh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2F037803h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8E1D4AC1h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8F8BEC7Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 3739F0E7h
add     eax, 0A0E8C212h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 96B289F1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 42D6EF29h
add     eax, 1284A443h
sub     eax, 0C0C286C1h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 6F78B6C9h
add     eax, 4A4DBBACh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 3F24C384h
xor     eax, 329A54F4h
sub     eax, 5747DF95h
add     eax, 0BA27589Ch
sub     eax, 97B8E574h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0AC46884Eh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0A5D72F5Fh
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 12366524h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 40C3692Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 5086C344h
xor     eax, 2CB12552h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0FE9ACD6Dh
add     eax, 2146D6BDh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 714958F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0AEE429ADh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 8D0F5011h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FEA9E120h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E0129979h
sub     eax, 9A32E8ADh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 3C612980h
sub     eax, 9E8F0989h
sub     eax, 899E8DCFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 24AC144Ah
sub     eax, 4D9B590Ch
add     eax, 8CC876B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 9468D573h
sub     eax, 2CBE98F7h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 42383F2Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F39A41BEh
xor     eax, 2C01F03Bh
xor     eax, 4A79D49Ah
add     eax, 5613F141h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A3F66A32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E2DA9DEAh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 9A621E28h
sub     eax, 0FF9C2C30h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 83EF5CA2h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C71C8772h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0FD1BFDD1h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 5F4AFBEBh
xor     eax, 87C5F2F0h
sub     eax, 0A5E57DD3h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A43661A4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5402CA07h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 594FA063h
xor     eax, 3321581Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 8F070CFFh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 2AAD40E4h
xor     eax, 1859A049h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7BCDBD72h
sub     eax, 0DA5EAD2Ah
xor     eax, 602A9D40h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 9F5B7DABh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0A584064Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 4C1D2454h
sub     eax, 0F35643EBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 3548C1C8h
xor     eax, 5BC595C3h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 9A1D191Ch
sub     eax, 0A9BCFCAAh
xor     eax, 0A7A7121Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0DD4940B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A7427D84h
sub     eax, 0F60A74A7h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 529EBFF3h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0C8ED62ACh
add     eax, 0A7EA5C07h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0AC817296h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8FB4858Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0A0427543h
sub     eax, 49129DA2h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F85CB686h
sub     eax, 37FFF352h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0BECEAEB6h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 3389CC2Fh
add     eax, 44F964CCh
sub     eax, 0D9759011h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C165C412h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 20527E82h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9EF2E50Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0CBC17A58h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 6C764DD6h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 11D9B364h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 0ED9CE5BFh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 79A37704h
add     eax, 785B3052h
xor     eax, 41CD66CCh
sub     eax, 19130AE7h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0E6AFCCADh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4257325Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 56AD2ED0h
xor     eax, 0E4D2B3E3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0F0AACF6Ch
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 66F77209h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 46A47BBDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F07BBF70h
sub     eax, 2B14C95Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C884AE5Ch
sub     eax, 84F789B0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CD1C1023h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 9D734FD8h
sub     eax, 0E9B7E5F9h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A4BA1A33h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ED5D4115h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1F99C9BFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0A709C2EFh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5FD75A3Dh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 676A5B06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0C06B081Fh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 7FDF7C33h
sub     eax, 0C2F302F3h
sub     eax, 0ACFB8F03h
not     eax
sub     eax, 95AD4C6Fh
xor     eax, 4BBCA965h
add     eax, 9674A115h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0ECF3478Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0E9E78D40h
sub     eax, 4018877Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8A10F174h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FBCDBF4Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E4700E89h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 1AEF4A3Eh
xor     eax, 6A7871B7h
add     eax, 0A0554947h
sub     eax, 0E5569618h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6425699Ch
sub     eax, 0D9A0BEA5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D8439A74h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0B2F72CA4h
sub     eax, 0EAE4C15Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 87C08B98h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EB9E9DF9h
add     eax, 0F614D13Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 98FB4569h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 458D07A3h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CBC463B0h
sub     eax, 0F1011CE8h
not     eax
add     eax, 4BDC6FC3h
sub     eax, 12B1D67Ch
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 28AFCFBDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 883E7925h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C0617BB3h
sub     eax, 4770EC11h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 51AC47D7h
add     eax, 628F49B7h
sub     eax, 0DD53CAECh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 1ABB27A0h
add     eax, 0FBBAF2ADh
add     eax, 3057DDF3h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 2ABB85BFh
sub     eax, 15000312h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 12E93272h
sub     eax, 0FDF273D1h
sub     eax, 0E1E2C93Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 20FFED17h
xor     eax, 17EA75FCh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 5C1A7E1Bh
xor     eax, 0F2E27D97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 95E36D10h
add     eax, 0B684FD73h
add     eax, 8769F155h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 9DA94DC6h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 94D4A9D1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 767AD3C1h
sub     eax, 6BABA2A2h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0BE42E7E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 99EB17F8h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0D2359086h
sub     eax, 0A638B6FAh
xor     eax, 1F67683Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0F30493ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0FC0B7838h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 45B199F8h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A401F93Dh
sub     eax, 0E2FAC756h
xor     eax, 885DAB56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 78E3F911h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0D40BAEDDh
sub     eax, 74924DF8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4E7B94D2h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 12ABD8A4h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0A71531D7h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E7CC3939h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0C79EF552h
sub     eax, 0D293AB5Bh
xor     eax, 0AB60E1D7h
sub     eax, 317A0A91h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7E9A056Ch
xor     eax, 0E60D0DC8h
xor     eax, 0B3C148B9h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 27E60059h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 29A94B97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 1419CD2Eh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 2469CA30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4048FC8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FA5FAACDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A76C51DEh
xor     eax, 1995F0CFh
add     eax, 69C98A52h
sub     eax, 10EF1F77h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 18A00E97h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 10DDD152h
not     eax
add     eax, 4C42C1A2h
xor     eax, 6BD4C7FCh
add     eax, 0B04CE6DBh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 1CACD925h
xor     eax, 5A1CB379h
xor     eax, 0E0B4D18Dh
xor     eax, 1A026FD2h
sub     eax, 81FCE5F7h
sub     eax, 2D0D1EECh
add     eax, 96FF2E92h
sub     eax, 0D1188CF0h
xor     eax, 0E6F340C5h
sub     eax, 2C5A7D51h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C5AFAB2Ah
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0ECC18F12h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 8C5F2604h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 9984C675h
xor     eax, 8C8F66B7h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 5070DD86h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 23458FB1h
sub     eax, 148333DFh
xor     eax, 9085CEB4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 78379710h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0D95BB71Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7B0F4D7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B4555362h
add     eax, 49029FE4h
xor     eax, 64E4609Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 2F89B9EAh
xor     eax, 0DB76E754h
sub     eax, 292CC067h
sub     eax, 1DD82395h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 4068835Dh
sub     eax, 938614DEh
sub     eax, 0BFB1F7DBh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 763FB473h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B493E1DDh
sub     eax, 0AE89F94Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0E912D9FDh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 7C45768Fh
xor     eax, 0AEAB45A7h
sub     eax, 21AA25B6h
sub     eax, 6F554A3Eh
add     eax, 0FC527703h
sub     eax, 0D804CF93h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8C2A64B0h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5F63F25Ch
xor     eax, 2BA7830Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 2342C9DEh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 6697D9DAh
add     eax, 0BEB4B20Ah
xor     eax, 0F0608ECBh
xor     eax, 3A01660Bh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 131A90C1h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 215CD48Bh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0F9580BC3h
xor     eax, 0D39FB9FDh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A75513EFh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 8F56AD15h
xor     eax, 11F8DAAEh
sub     eax, 0B48E4182h
add     eax, 6296EBD1h
xor     eax, 0BF2E731Bh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 4FFCD9FCh
xor     eax, 0EB8AAD7Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B6938854h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0F95B9079h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 96693148h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 327B3C97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0F7171F37h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B63122EEh
xor     eax, 0DA899FC4h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0D7734CB6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 422E9F7Fh
sub     eax, 956E99C5h
sub     eax, 1A5AD38Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0CD461791h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0A5AA44E7h
xor     eax, 0AC52C721h
add     eax, 0E3A1CDD4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2D191CFDh
add     eax, 0F832776Dh
xor     eax, 4035C45Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AF11F349h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9E457754h
add     eax, 0F0A4DAEEh
sub     eax, 435522BCh
add     eax, 0C69E1C3Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 60B72467h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0A7F88A98h
sub     eax, 7C5ED78Bh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0EF9B4E68h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 7AD0C1C6h
sub     eax, 0A6BED6F5h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5FEE2DEAh
sub     eax, 0E373B735h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0F5D0B22Bh
sub     eax, 0D356C2E2h
sub     eax, 0F15F3376h
xor     eax, 0BF37717Dh
sub     eax, 1EC1AEB7h
add     eax, 953C79F1h
sub     eax, 9432ABC5h
xor     eax, 3BBBAE94h
sub     eax, 0ECD9848Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0F47A56C8h
xor     eax, 1D39B533h
sub     eax, 0FCB51CBCh
sub     eax, 0AABA65A1h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0AA353C98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 60CDFAFEh
xor     eax, 6F40E187h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DD276B67h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0CEB80F82h
add     eax, 65EB6950h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 4B9B3562h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 752CEF5Ch
xor     eax, 0C2C4B054h
add     eax, 63189292h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 23CE67C3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B40E54FCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EDEB77D7h
xor     eax, 856D29C1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CBDB3CE1h
add     eax, 1DD64C0Fh
add     eax, 0FECA095Ah
xor     eax, 6A122CD3h
xor     eax, 7AAE84E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0BA576355h
xor     eax, 5DBA4439h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0B644A788h
add     eax, 0CE1FAFCEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 99553222h
sub     eax, 0BEB83B19h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D460329Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0ACBCADBDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 98228067h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A9AAE0F7h
xor     eax, 66C2C590h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 492C58FBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0F9ED35E3h
add     eax, 0A6381F1Bh
sub     eax, 67C99A06h
sub     eax, 0B23F07B9h
xor     eax, 39C1D0FDh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 650AD240h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 5BFE02D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0ED15D4B7h
sub     eax, 284EFBECh
xor     eax, 38AB0704h
add     eax, 45A236FEh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0FE16D48Fh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 8D795A7Eh
sub     eax, 466DB4D1h
add     eax, 0B17662A3h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D550EE80h
sub     eax, 4FD8C1ADh
add     eax, 0EDD3B533h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 54155537h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 887EC56Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6F38253Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 40BB52F6h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 9AA4A89Eh
xor     eax, 4944AD6Eh
add     eax, 0ABC95456h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 8B5E86B8h
sub     eax, 50990063h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A10D54EBh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0C4E80553h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 391EE8A5h
xor     eax, 8398B03Fh
xor     eax, 0E974AE12h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 1676D787h
sub     eax, 0E4B720ACh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0E2909636h
add     eax, 80B7C369h
sub     eax, 64092F0Dh
xor     eax, 85D99224h
xor     eax, 0E22D6A66h
add     eax, 32C39A92h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B780CE9Dh
sub     eax, 6DE6C4A6h
xor     eax, 0E9DF4539h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E46A3B7Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0BEC8A8E0h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 9B55FEA3h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0F78A81CBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F2DC5AA8h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0F0DDE1FAh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DA87E6C0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 270EC3E7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 221FD489h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 359936F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5528ECF2h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 3245D78Fh
add     eax, 7005E1F9h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 51A3DDE9h
add     eax, 0BB2641A7h
xor     eax, 102C4DE3h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 1AB12F32h
xor     eax, 4B36CAE6h
add     eax, 0E85BDF84h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0C2487AB7h
add     eax, 6705AC3Fh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0D015E17Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EFF5E67Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C3A1CA07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B07484D0h
add     eax, 8A017755h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DF79604Ch
add     eax, 0F8A22A29h
add     eax, 0E58ECA35h
add     eax, 3D0D0778h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4DD87CF9h
sub     eax, 74F9AA2Dh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 75C5DE47h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 2BB7C6E4h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 1EAA905Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E81FE898h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0E6000C3Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4DE48306h
add     eax, 0E50FFCCEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BAEF2BC1h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 91798B13h
xor     eax, 0ADC26EAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 8FAE3761h
sub     eax, 0F21988D0h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0C006DF65h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0BB224D0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 41505F28h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 4C331B1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0D62828E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FCD7441Ch
add     eax, 276AE774h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 2F502914h
xor     eax, 28968442h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 8267CD96h
add     eax, 0E59144B6h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0D80BA3AFh
xor     eax, 872B9D5Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0F049992Dh
add     eax, 0E3689FB9h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0E73DA834h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0A7D161F7h
add     eax, 25952184h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 1F3C188Fh
sub     eax, 0D5D21F60h
xor     eax, 63DB9C88h
xor     eax, 1B74FB88h
xor     eax, 0F3737C97h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 92FC3585h
add     eax, 0F197116Eh
xor     eax, 9B5A6067h
xor     eax, 32E75B0Fh
sub     eax, 11424811h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 780CFA04h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 4AB72AC5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B139D40Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0DC91F5D9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0FD3F5E9Ch
xor     eax, 19A18B0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 27BD01F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 70AA144Fh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 92D44A71h
sub     eax, 426A4080h
xor     eax, 0ADA04BD4h
xor     eax, 8DFFAEF5h
xor     eax, 0EA86348Ch
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 11BED845h
not     eax
sub     eax, 935A972Eh
sub     eax, 3D053309h
sub     eax, 0C84E17ACh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8624240Ah
sub     eax, 50D80B0Eh
sub     eax, 0CA9AFD6Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 6E755186h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D2ECC13Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0C42A3DBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0D4011E9Ah
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0E3D239CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1A7D244Bh
xor     eax, 0EA9C983Ah
add     eax, 0A1A49A6Fh
add     eax, 2F365740h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0F19E79BAh
xor     eax, 57A50507h
sub     eax, 9AFAB6A7h
add     eax, 0FE6D1CA4h
xor     eax, 0A1E0DA5Ah
xor     eax, 879517B9h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0CD9B9B3Eh
sub     eax, 9DA2F0BBh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0E7783664h
not     eax
add     eax, 6746E20Ah
add     eax, 0D06E1E27h
add     eax, 2409176Eh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 22D74D86h
add     eax, 8C3D33E6h
sub     eax, 0FFCA7740h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8729A14Eh
add     eax, 841F7D43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 92B9E4CFh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 2CE518C6h
xor     eax, 346718F1h
xor     eax, 55D892D4h
xor     eax, 3EBEF39Fh
add     eax, 0BEE59709h
sub     eax, 1774EF02h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BA50AE2Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0A7A3C697h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 6D41C0FCh
sub     eax, 8DC4713Ah
add     eax, 5AE663B3h
add     eax, 6F32CAD9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F0DDFD2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 7321DF79h
sub     eax, 0D51E156Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0F467636Fh
add     eax, 88DDBE2Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8D048434h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0F9B1FAF2h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E4A4EA69h
xor     eax, 0C652784Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 403C2657h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 33FD74C2h
xor     eax, 0F04B120Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 45556DF1h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D5C6D1FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9175CC4Ah
add     eax, 0DBC592F3h
sub     eax, 592A8914h
add     eax, 264CAC7Dh
sub     eax, 0AC258FF4h
xor     eax, 0FDC087A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC55406Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 385C1E8Dh
xor     eax, 2DB9DA00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 6F1FF970h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D8BC2CE6h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0A3D1A490h
add     eax, 0ABE53DE1h
xor     eax, 812CDB1Bh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EC4C75BCh
sub     eax, 8ABE511Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B8140694h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 7EC20480h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 1857CFEBh
xor     eax, 0A88A2E1Dh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 96EE342Eh
xor     eax, 5F372179h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 76239148h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 8FF92D90h
sub     eax, 9A3318C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF42228Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4D19698Dh
sub     eax, 0ED9B78B4h
sub     eax, 5DF5A307h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D755E4F3h
add     eax, 3460A968h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A49C72E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6A2D5462h
xor     eax, 0A02ED755h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 5D2183B4h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0BBCCC36Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0C41E6A66h
add     eax, 0ED2F1F4Ah
add     eax, 4DC8C74Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 1A051ED3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 26ED30F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7031A4C8h
add     eax, 77CEFEADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 81C3134Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 17B42C89h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A09DA9DAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0EF12A85Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0EFC4FB4Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0DA08D0E6h
add     eax, 0F34A7A8Ah
sub     eax, 0BFA4906Eh
add     eax, 0F94B31DDh
add     eax, 1A2B9E2Dh
add     eax, 2F76F4FAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 926187AEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1CB34948h
xor     eax, 6F5E22E8h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 324E2C34h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B4D63C66h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0F946FBE2h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 81286839h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2A02C319h
sub     eax, 1AD3733Ah
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A1FA4267h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E1D51D0Dh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0B6089E17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A96C3A59h
xor     eax, 6AD2F1ADh
add     eax, 0EBAC01D4h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 5DA862E1h
add     eax, 813EBDF4h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 95A0D44Dh
sub     eax, 76736181h
add     eax, 6FCE9E9Dh
add     eax, 0B6573BC9h
sub     eax, 4C40CF08h
sub     eax, 64CADD67h
add     eax, 0A7490FA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ED92C60Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0CC8AFDC3h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0F1CFAA0Dh
xor     eax, 1007E80Dh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 26655E3Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0A12E770Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 24A0712Ah
sub     eax, 9F4FABCDh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0C2A35B7Eh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 400292E2h
xor     eax, 0D15C7957h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0ABF9E193h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0BD77A210h
xor     eax, 832A09E2h
sub     eax, 0E42A20D4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0A1BC71B2h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 9699FBACh
sub     eax, 0E10056AFh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F75684DCh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 39B07DE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 79B9C462h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 578F46BDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FC7CDB30h
sub     eax, 0D4C0BF49h
not     eax
add     eax, 8526233Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DFD2222Ch
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 7F0D000Bh
sub     eax, 0A4D08AC0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 37BA047Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 86BD6544h
xor     eax, 0E597E253h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 7408F5A9h
xor     eax, 8CE60BE2h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 55AE9B35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 60933185h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E852876h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 76BD8772h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0BFBC2E88h
xor     eax, 82A7CD30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FAA7757Ch
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BCB32D51h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 64A78569h
sub     eax, 0E1DAA8C0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0F6FC798Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 64A88161h
xor     eax, 0A14FF638h
sub     eax, 52B9B076h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 838A3C71h
sub     eax, 6706720Ch
xor     eax, 0BE31A28Ch
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 32829778h
add     eax, 3A091416h
sub     eax, 70890044h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FE940535h
not     eax
add     eax, 92F30EE1h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 8BECDD78h
sub     eax, 9CBA8771h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0BBF8BF9Ch
sub     eax, 0A98B66BCh
sub     eax, 2A505E00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 82667CF3h
add     eax, 7DDED972h
add     eax, 0D8761D88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1BEAED76h
sub     eax, 0BAF3896Fh
sub     eax, 610F43B8h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0F0249F1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 665B98CBh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 783A6E81h
xor     eax, 8FAFDD06h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 13E12227h
not     eax
sub     eax, 54228B89h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 372BF514h
xor     eax, 6F72DAB4h
xor     eax, 5889F6CBh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DD788344h
not     eax
add     eax, 466F2D06h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D9D7DE50h
add     eax, 92319E9Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0BA56921Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 6AE77A92h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 69D1CCDEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7F5CEA45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FBE36FAEh
sub     eax, 0D28C158Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 988A8D3Dh
add     eax, 0C8D8A466h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D0CC9B19h
sub     eax, 96E30CE7h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0A853140Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2D41844Dh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0BB3982D1h
sub     eax, 13C64D76h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 94C0071Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 230C1078h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C5F322FBh
xor     eax, 0EA6A03ABh
add     eax, 312364CFh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AD21B884h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E5C3B3Ch
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 30A13626h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 60CE1516h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 67971D9Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D44FDA18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A64A2930h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AE31DBA9h
xor     eax, 0D5DFE6A7h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B5F43180h
xor     eax, 3A524010h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 44F32BD1h
sub     eax, 4E3E8119h
sub     eax, 5AC22B68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F2D4F41Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CF44C20Bh
sub     eax, 5FC4677Ah
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D36DFCF0h
not     eax
add     eax, 82E75C23h
sub     eax, 78AF8BE9h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 67A8A1A7h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 3EA42C8Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0CCC99253h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0CCCB4E79h
xor     eax, 4DA74350h
xor     eax, 0ED5FC1F8h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0B087BD23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0A791B743h
sub     eax, 8A08972Fh
add     eax, 0AD40584Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 289798BAh
add     eax, 0FB27C954h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C025EDEDh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0FDF20774h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8D5E64B2h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 47E1209Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A369BFDEh
sub     eax, 6354882Eh
sub     eax, 0EA6DEA55h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CF2A285Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 187DBB27h
not     eax
xor     eax, 41862285h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 9B7D400Fh
sub     eax, 69EEBCFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8A9F0A1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 6306661Fh
add     eax, 2ABAC367h
add     eax, 0C18C81B3h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0A41D9B7Ah
xor     eax, 83EC5D12h
sub     eax, 223130F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8FF3D8FCh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 23BE3F17h
add     eax, 7CAAE73Fh
add     eax, 3C82F531h
add     eax, 30218B22h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DC5F04EEh
xor     eax, 0D951FDACh
sub     eax, 3CB95132h
not     eax
add     eax, 2E3EBC9Bh
xor     eax, 34E58F23h
xor     eax, 0DA81A76Ah
sub     eax, 17B112ADh
sub     eax, 743D69DBh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0C5829DB2h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0F8860E18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 72310152h
add     eax, 0F2F0C902h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0C948EC20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9899C0BAh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D13C80C1h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 85D954D5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 405DA66Dh
add     eax, 6EA262B8h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0BD23C522h
add     eax, 0E6EF854Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0FB036202h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0D23808ABh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 52E4183Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 78670486h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 247DB69Ah
sub     eax, 0FFA5E8ACh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 18A2BFBBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2FD0ACCBh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 248B9F68h
add     eax, 822546DEh
sub     eax, 26D033E1h
xor     eax, 142B5F4Bh
add     eax, 914C0C3Dh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4E56F5FCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C3735D2Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0C416B9D1h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0A6119239h
xor     eax, 59BC77ADh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 7493AC88h
xor     eax, 0BAB8F652h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0D35AE344h
add     eax, 90A59993h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3517F34Eh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 43BAE84Ah
xor     eax, 0A89F6F3Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E596F936h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 22484FE3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F5752012h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CBE912F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6F70164Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9E730C99h
xor     eax, 86BC4116h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 4141F7CAh
sub     eax, 55A7C6D5h
xor     eax, 40C1228Eh
xor     eax, 0A595DAECh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AF582660h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7898A872h
xor     eax, 6B6D70A4h
add     eax, 406DC84Bh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0F5D1E565h
sub     eax, 1E450DC9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5B8AD03Eh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 15160265h
add     eax, 0D1FAE553h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EB812E8Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B5147B7Ah
xor     eax, 36357233h
add     eax, 74F163F2h
sub     eax, 5B462A24h
sub     eax, 0B209EC63h
add     eax, 44A1B410h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 48466769h
xor     eax, 81611694h
sub     eax, 0D17773A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A95601A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E3337A92h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7A59E29Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 9F72BCE4h
add     eax, 1A39A399h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FADA903Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 192E5FD5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0ECC09258h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0F45FC953h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 21F06525h
sub     eax, 7C1A59A3h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1914D14Eh
xor     eax, 8F3FF701h
xor     eax, 9AC0F4BAh
add     eax, 5FA685F9h
not     eax
add     eax, 82D73EBBh
add     eax, 2EA5A59Bh
add     eax, 0DF7A6B20h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0D0B2837Fh
sub     eax, 0E16B8497h
xor     eax, 776C0BCDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F98E2CB8h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0CB194D13h
not     eax
add     eax, 7BAE001Ch
xor     eax, 539F7F82h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1B48424Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 946109B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 63232BD2h
add     eax, 89C9AB99h
xor     eax, 6FBD94E6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EAF333D9h
add     eax, 97087DE8h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 828668F4h
xor     eax, 0AA36F125h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 2E8B2BE1h
sub     eax, 963C2952h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 49454CEDh
add     eax, 16516B7Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0B8F1A7E5h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 84E73D09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 631032FBh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C4BAC102h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F34CB990h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0BD1F0D7Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AAA6615Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0D68F84F9h
xor     eax, 0DAFAD3CDh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D2A8CCFDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F6A5B600h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C8983361h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EE39B725h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 481A2900h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7F86B66Bh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0C43197E2h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 4A87A4BDh
xor     eax, 0D618481Eh
add     eax, 78805A29h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FAA26CCCh
sub     eax, 0E6BBD170h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 18A58AE6h
add     eax, 248C8446h
xor     eax, 0E139AF54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C8AEC1CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 9F10EEDDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 13ECF3A6h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 7AABB6AAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 8EAF0046h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0FF55744Fh
sub     eax, 4D8E17B8h
xor     eax, 0E8E9A2F1h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0B068A377h
add     eax, 0DB13F3AEh
sub     eax, 0A9DEC31Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4C09CD83h
not     eax
add     eax, 8EF72FEAh
xor     eax, 6D047905h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E17ABE04h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0B4A67D44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5056E3ECh
sub     eax, 0E25AE8D7h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BA378361h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 506627BAh
xor     eax, 0D8407884h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BB7A4F51h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 3298FDFCh
sub     eax, 0AEFB8022h
xor     eax, 29F7F3F3h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ED34146Bh
sub     eax, 1E43A4E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1F599E76h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0B2F9BF79h
add     eax, 8260A9E2h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 8E403E07h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0DEAF15CFh
add     eax, 0CC272B84h
xor     eax, 352541DCh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0AE09E31Dh
add     eax, 293CB0D0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 42227012h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 6A0AC810h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0D6FFF7E8h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0C8EDDF52h
sub     eax, 0EDF9703Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 23355705h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 49A3305Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 291599EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0B053A09Eh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0E2C9748Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 8BDF5635h
add     eax, 7E5C85B1h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C79C3703h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F722A750h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 6530E661h
sub     eax, 0A4773468h
xor     eax, 0A6DB774Bh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B6248C6Eh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 8AAA7EEFh
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 64BFC36Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1C1B4939h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 9580E970h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4CBAB811h
xor     eax, 49BC210Bh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 88055FD8h
add     eax, 27F5DEBEh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 80FBDE2Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 251C32CFh
add     eax, 7B171508h
sub     eax, 2D0408B2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 89207B98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 3AD992B2h
sub     eax, 88059C5Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 498972C2h
not     eax
add     eax, 4DCF0D20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 54997232h
add     eax, 8AC62306h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 24D8E899h
sub     eax, 0E8EC07ADh
not     eax
xor     eax, 31E07968h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0A90A33E1h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2B99B8EAh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 33AA28DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 4E8F40A3h
add     eax, 0C6D6E425h
add     eax, 0F34CFF8Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0EF897029h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 92B015FFh
sub     eax, 0BBBB7BA0h
xor     eax, 85B52D48h
sub     eax, 0B10C40C3h
xor     eax, 0CA631BCFh
add     eax, 10985984h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 260D6ECEh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8D9CB0E9h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 4C0B9411h
not     eax
add     eax, 58EFB96Fh
sub     eax, 36FF7282h
add     eax, 889BAE50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0A4EE074Fh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 7D06A5FEh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CA91ACB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 83DC929Dh
xor     eax, 518ABE60h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0A16408E2h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 708AE8AAh
add     eax, 1BB054A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4876EB62h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0F33A57B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 85EA60D0h
add     eax, 6CAD6AD8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0B3D1DCABh
add     eax, 8C990FBEh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 6CD9F84Dh
xor     eax, 0FDA4D4CBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F4229273h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4C1F3780h
xor     eax, 0D0B2F42Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 277F1921h
sub     eax, 0F5864122h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D41A0F75h
sub     eax, 0FD33643Fh
sub     eax, 0BAAFCF07h
xor     eax, 0F3075D05h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 8749D81Ch
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0E5E0F26Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0DD9A29EBh
xor     eax, 0E7283538h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A903A656h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FEFEDD6Fh
xor     eax, 97E4B934h
add     eax, 12CCD7B7h
sub     eax, 0C905C56Fh
xor     eax, 2B577AA8h
sub     eax, 0F2F97DCDh
sub     eax, 8B10063Fh
xor     eax, 5FABEC18h
xor     eax, 0CF580989h
xor     eax, 674A1B02h
add     eax, 0CC4EFD2Bh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 7FD20D92h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 301D30A9h
add     eax, 0FE33FB1Eh
xor     eax, 977588BDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1C635578h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DD544A60h
add     eax, 86C5E144h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CD39856Bh
xor     eax, 0CD0BAD69h
add     eax, 7547654Ch
sub     eax, 0E1C6FBE2h
xor     eax, 0F44ADDBBh
sub     eax, 86318F0Ah
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 91118469h
not     eax
xor     eax, 729FE7E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A080DD97h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D30EB13Dh
xor     eax, 354E078Ch
sub     eax, 0E4220689h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 49A37A28h
add     eax, 91237DF4h
add     eax, 48F81C69h
xor     eax, 0B41A307Eh
sub     eax, 17315C0Ch
sub     eax, 7B50EC4Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB08E7CAh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0FD917A26h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0DCDE27F9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 803888DAh
add     eax, 6BC4396Eh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AA0ECD5Ah
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2671A4C4h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6365F6E4h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 68FDDFC7h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 976FEE8Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 98F25C40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0CFF0DE74h
sub     eax, 0F4A7B6B0h
sub     eax, 9AE0E023h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 52557F50h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8EF725F1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B5540805h
add     eax, 9F122552h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0EBC546E4h
sub     eax, 0A422048Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F569144Bh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 68883437h
add     eax, 0C2161527h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF6B7A9Ah
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 5FF4D8C2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0BF38296Eh
xor     eax, 85829BE8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 97AB36A7h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9AAE5E3Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F07BDC9Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6819E5F3h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 35ADE6C7h
add     eax, 32818B4Bh
add     eax, 0BB988DD2h
xor     eax, 1AF43216h
xor     eax, 45F014D0h
xor     eax, 0F6354B2Bh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 290EE371h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 71BEBA72h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FA695AC4h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 47087D56h
add     eax, 0F25B2760h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A35ACAA0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 88578948h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 2F44BB4Fh
sub     eax, 98E53DA8h
xor     eax, 5DEAFAE7h
xor     eax, 65F6AEC8h
add     eax, 0E5975E5Eh
xor     eax, 1714A2D3h
xor     eax, 3EA39FA8h
sub     eax, 7F5A4B4Ch
add     eax, 84717814h
xor     eax, 0CB0027F1h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0CBD7D190h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6F49098Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 77ED0B65h
add     eax, 85E55EB5h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AB065655h
xor     eax, 7CC775A8h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0B7A6929Ch
add     eax, 549B9788h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F84A7986h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6589D31Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E316E0CAh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 85B3EC25h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 4E4502A2h
xor     eax, 71733B07h
sub     eax, 178EDB55h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0E96C4946h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F425015Eh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F81A32F9h
add     eax, 0D5BDADD5h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 5DD60458h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D6BEE5EBh
xor     eax, 0A7F22A12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0E488B323h
xor     eax, 0CB097347h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 237C67F4h
sub     eax, 891C5B32h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0A3FE5490h
add     eax, 0B18649F7h
not     eax
add     eax, 119F0E2Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D6814A73h
sub     eax, 0D6FB229Ah
xor     eax, 1EFF0381h
add     eax, 438F309Ch
add     eax, 0AFFD2629h
not     eax
xor     eax, 349B1CDAh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 613B6D16h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2C196144h
add     eax, 0AB29D4B7h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D1A946F0h
xor     eax, 11DB4795h
add     eax, 289F6A2Eh
xor     eax, 911B1094h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 965F4994h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0E10FF77Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0E95AAB73h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 88E26D83h
add     eax, 8DA9018Ch
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 148E58B9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 43CA05F4h
xor     eax, 0F1939605h
xor     eax, 0BD456BB1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CAC54D42h
add     eax, 0E59C0A81h
sub     eax, 0B9E64FEDh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4CB2B16Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 3B60823Ah
xor     eax, 4689F379h
xor     eax, 4B3A9B06h
xor     eax, 48D4D2A7h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 73379F73h
sub     eax, 0ADFEC051h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 49FC267Dh
add     eax, 0C9278F59h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 827C0C4Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F7BDDDE1h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 79DD5E1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0E89B309Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8CAE75E4h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 345F9498h
sub     eax, 0C5C4FC43h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 80D41891h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 680F67C4h
sub     eax, 53178B9Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0FBB0B0FFh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E60389B4h
sub     eax, 1CB416B4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 25FAFEE1h
add     eax, 0E7CCA1F8h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0C1743698h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0CF0571D8h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FA7D03C7h
add     eax, 892074ABh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0A232DE4Ch
sub     eax, 0E2432C6Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 868E5B32h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 63C85A93h
add     eax, 0B60C9688h
add     eax, 166804AAh
xor     eax, 8D153B5Eh
xor     eax, 0C3653C07h
xor     eax, 0D6FC9997h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0C6EC6E0Bh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7463AD65h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 2C5B20ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 43712253h
add     eax, 99864BA7h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B80AA54h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D9BEC647h
xor     eax, 0E3630771h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 69C20F93h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0A47B34C5h
xor     eax, 6EAEA01Dh
add     eax, 6910A16Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 2BAC922Eh
add     eax, 8C97D564h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ABC7B368h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 832B6F2Dh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 117BD10Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0E4BF1AF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 715D05CAh
xor     eax, 3DDA19ACh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F9A4D180h
xor     eax, 2335C9CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 797D7F6Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1DB0CC4Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 1A571FDBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0BA12166Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 172E0002h
sub     eax, 1C07EE23h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 229F2559h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5912E613h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B5C99B7Fh
sub     eax, 4A9CDAD0h
add     eax, 2BB0FA87h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2AF60A19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B7F090D4h
sub     eax, 558A6F27h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 87323A0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 40D6C560h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0BC12448Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A03C0CA3h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0DFF53A00h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0EC39BF2Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 17BD5B65h
add     eax, 0DCD0B889h
sub     eax, 0DE8D46FDh
xor     eax, 73538E46h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0DCDC6F77h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 7CDE1F89h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FB8FF0E8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0ACEF5321h
xor     eax, 0DBEC2326h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0A912CD59h
add     eax, 0AEB1BA1Dh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 3A999209h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8DACB654h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A109FE19h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0CB26C6B2h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 693CBCB7h
not     eax
add     eax, 400BF58Dh
sub     eax, 23D4638Ah
xor     eax, 3C67BC07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BD7AB384h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0A447248Bh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 417DD8A0h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 2A5E1EF1h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 9A3ACA26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A2AA1523h
xor     eax, 4DB78AFEh
add     eax, 0D1975778h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 2AB892A5h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DCDC9B07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 1D20823Bh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 410F26B8h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0F0B504C6h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0D13EC240h
xor     eax, 8A429717h
add     eax, 0C1BDE815h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C0BB501Ch
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 17786E42h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 88733329h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 43AF0ACAh
xor     eax, 23C7DCD1h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0A07C6119h
xor     eax, 7E72B129h
add     eax, 0D4CC2C7Ch
xor     eax, 5DB697DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 13679C2Ah
add     eax, 0C94D4231h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 59C59593h
sub     eax, 1D4113DDh
add     eax, 0C4616580h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7954EAEFh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0D8F34047h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 1CC8C1CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5390B956h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 57886A5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 8AF3877Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0C6F7DF22h
sub     eax, 7433B434h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0FD064122h
sub     eax, 0D547D4B6h
sub     eax, 78837710h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 33A529FCh
sub     eax, 4CF905DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BA3A4772h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 36F1B114h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 5861E8C7h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 1764D74Ah
add     eax, 64F25672h
add     eax, 33933327h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0A7D1E24Ch
xor     eax, 64D6C093h
sub     eax, 0E757113Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 83A5DC8Ah
sub     eax, 0D4D85318h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 6E332FBAh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B585A093h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 36049BEFh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5C721215h
xor     eax, 6E516C57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 69600871h
xor     eax, 0D395DA6Ah
sub     eax, 0AE329488h
sub     eax, 0CE648D5Dh
sub     eax, 3C1D2868h
sub     eax, 52AE39F4h
add     eax, 941D385Ah
sub     eax, 3222DD0Fh
xor     eax, 2F0C046Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AA0F00C3h
add     eax, 3179C5B3h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0E99FC7FEh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 587BF5C2h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 36F8E59Bh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 9039EBDBh
add     eax, 465B74C0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 18C28380h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0C48FD008h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 2746D6D8h
add     eax, 2B9B40ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CC40BC63h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1ADACF33h
sub     eax, 0FC3C96CEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1453321Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 199AC369h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8B0512E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C375BE1Ah
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 7C1ED449h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 965E68E6h
sub     eax, 0FF10A412h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E62A6988h
add     eax, 5D4CD1BAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0F53DB49Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C07BAD06h
add     eax, 4E4324C2h
sub     eax, 1A9A8CE6h
sub     eax, 2B3DB807h
add     eax, 40CC7069h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 351E0F1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C0F3F8E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F1E5EE96h
sub     eax, 0CD46A0EAh
xor     eax, 54B398C3h
sub     eax, 79C22B53h
sub     eax, 7E9D7E6Ch
sub     eax, 273756BCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 8ACD08EBh
add     eax, 0BF963DA3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 6ED16FCFh
sub     eax, 38DCA7ADh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8B40B1E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DA2C80B1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0CC182E4Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F0014D5Fh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0DF40DC13h
add     eax, 0C15454BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 420D6AF4h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0AC5468F4h
add     eax, 3369F9AFh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 8D7AA58Eh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 720E8BAFh
add     eax, 0FBDA2129h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 575BB4FFh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 90AA84D6h
sub     eax, 490E45F4h
xor     eax, 3FDC3292h
sub     eax, 29E474E2h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 5A18036Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0DB2BEB3Ch
sub     eax, 7FEE55C6h
add     eax, 5B126F29h
sub     eax, 7E8919A4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 2ED188E9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 6479CD1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 78181C5Bh
sub     eax, 78058707h
add     eax, 47F3E992h
add     eax, 130991EFh
add     eax, 0DA1E2BD0h
add     eax, 0DBFD474Ah
sub     eax, 90A473A4h
add     eax, 0C041357Ch
xor     eax, 43660764h
add     eax, 39C615D4h
sub     eax, 0C6DEAA59h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 535DA756h
xor     eax, 0A9B0751Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9EF3EEA3h
sub     eax, 1C7A63DDh
add     eax, 0B4876A88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3BDE0C49h
add     eax, 56C8D372h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F91EF39Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 7247DA96h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 11E4E19Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F12A7883h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3597DD8h
add     eax, 973D8939h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B6BB09CBh
xor     eax, 0D465007Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 17BA36E8h
sub     eax, 1C79000Ah
add     eax, 24C9FCA5h
sub     eax, 0DBF09358h
sub     eax, 71480798h
sub     eax, 0E30CD385h
not     eax
xor     eax, 49F0A876h
add     eax, 0A5AC8FA9h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0BE241204h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 8A9132C2h
sub     eax, 79583339h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0C46501BDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 62F9C54Dh
add     eax, 0F6450426h
xor     eax, 3AD6C702h
add     eax, 0B9A25E68h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EF77FEB4h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 5B58D117h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F54BD4EEh
add     eax, 66467C2Ah
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0A1052273h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 3990C205h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D90EF4E1h
xor     eax, 753E495Dh
add     eax, 4B04BABEh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0CEDE31D5h
add     eax, 3C8EA16Ah
sub     eax, 323E6EC1h
xor     eax, 0C45F2570h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5EDAE12Ah
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 88FB3821h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 58961590h
add     eax, 0AC8D95F8h
add     eax, 79A9A442h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 51BAC3ABh
add     eax, 641212A8h
xor     eax, 0F89B251Ah
xor     eax, 877222FCh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0D5B79408h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 64E371B4h
xor     eax, 36E46D8Ch
xor     eax, 3EACF4F7h
xor     eax, 0B92C1591h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 223F5529h
xor     eax, 0AFA3A7F4h
add     eax, 0BDC38ED8h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 9B8125D5h
xor     eax, 99738A06h
add     eax, 40FCF255h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1F221E31h
sub     eax, 14FD5755h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A133C41Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0BAC094B1h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0E7269F84h
sub     eax, 8D5DD75Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 48B0634Bh
sub     eax, 20B00C10h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 6E1722FEh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 1EDFD8C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 7F8CC7ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6804A7DBh
sub     eax, 96C3F54Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1B560986h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 86BCE887h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 6558887Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0EEFD59EEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 980CF48Bh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 9D289DD8h
add     eax, 0E1098BCAh
add     eax, 0FB514180h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0E21F22F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 15E66325h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 39A93739h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0CCDB9271h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D7A14CACh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0D065A57Dh
add     eax, 0CCB94D8Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EE7E1AB6h
add     eax, 0F6783F56h
not     eax
xor     eax, 942BBB6Ch
xor     eax, 0AEBCCD24h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2127F019h
sub     eax, 396C4685h
sub     eax, 0AA626EE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9A5F2300h
add     eax, 0A2491055h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0CC010C98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 49D86F55h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 1360677Fh
sub     eax, 527A1A7Bh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0B65861F2h
sub     eax, 0E417F447h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8A6840D9h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9F81CFD5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AC599B2Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 3767F6ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 45D0F831h
add     eax, 0F71648BBh
xor     eax, 96836839h
sub     eax, 6B601419h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 39455DCDh
sub     eax, 6B68F064h
sub     eax, 406015D1h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 828F487Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2023C843h
add     eax, 9727B4F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 15452BEDh
sub     eax, 0BF672AB6h
sub     eax, 416E5542h
sub     eax, 22210D7Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 4FC40506h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 8AB7C153h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2271111Ah
sub     eax, 8679648Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BB460A98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AFC71FD1h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 7EAF34D0h
sub     eax, 7E24E879h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 374E0E3Ch
add     eax, 796FDCE6h
sub     eax, 6D1A6260h
xor     eax, 5FA19541h
xor     eax, 662E99AFh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 8B4AFCE9h
sub     eax, 0E21F9EB4h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A9DE83F4h
xor     eax, 0D4D24536h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 9CA5693Fh
sub     eax, 0A54713F3h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 7E09B872h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 30B649F5h
add     eax, 1014776Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0E59AA6A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9F0BC8BCh
xor     eax, 2E37C63Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 87B13412h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C2021241h
not     eax
xor     eax, 62284CCEh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 747FC85Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0C04C9418h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 3899BED8h
add     eax, 8AEE93D8h
add     eax, 381C3654h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6C84A248h
not     eax
sub     eax, 738BCBABh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 14D9A20Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 4C032F97h
sub     eax, 2F662F8Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B40D0C9Bh
xor     eax, 0EE30818Fh
add     eax, 0C3FA975Ch
add     eax, 0DCA8FF3Ah
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0AC7E1771h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0E84C70BFh
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 45571046h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 2DE8923Eh
add     eax, 6A510267h
add     eax, 0E9D09635h
add     eax, 304ECCBEh
xor     eax, 13B7F348h
xor     eax, 86E7E215h
add     eax, 4731BC74h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9ABA84ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2AA24D91h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AF5FF16Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 7B0A258Fh
sub     eax, 1E487AB0h
sub     eax, 7C5D63AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 76719CCBh
xor     eax, 9C372FCAh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 61214F27h
add     eax, 777D0925h
add     eax, 0F6155E79h
add     eax, 2858DA84h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 3DA01DD5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B19C7DBAh
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 3EC1D231h
xor     eax, 0A3E72085h
sub     eax, 2485F0BAh
add     eax, 0D035FFFEh
xor     eax, 0D6D3DE79h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 4BCE4F84h
add     eax, 0D0552155h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 52F6028Ah
add     eax, 0AC84CBBEh
add     eax, 1E3BC190h
xor     eax, 0EFA85C13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0A41BFBA9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 305F2F25h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 982D6660h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3D5C3A01h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 3D708319h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 59059575h
add     eax, 1E2364BCh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0B9DCB3A3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4D2FD405h
xor     eax, 5F13A9A5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9C12F3EBh
add     eax, 0B3145068h
add     eax, 0E8E3188Ah
xor     eax, 0EE852BEBh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3AC58D3Ch
sub     eax, 0F1E46263h
sub     eax, 769AF8EFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D90F3F3Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0C342A77Bh
xor     eax, 0E56B9FE7h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 9551BB23h
add     eax, 972C288Bh
add     eax, 7833F6F8h
xor     eax, 8CF136F7h
xor     eax, 259BE2E4h
xor     eax, 0B6DCE4FAh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0C84EEAC4h
add     eax, 94BFAE63h
xor     eax, 3D36EBF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 223FE2D7h
xor     eax, 5F4773AFh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CCC1EB07h
add     eax, 0DA79E646h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 77136C8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 14B4813Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 33DE5008h
not     eax
xor     eax, 483FC4E3h
sub     eax, 88374320h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 198E73F6h
xor     eax, 0CC6C02D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FCEEDE11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 93A0CC17h
sub     eax, 8924AF50h
xor     eax, 0B9B48825h
sub     eax, 0CCF8F77Dh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 868074B8h
sub     eax, 780E4162h
xor     eax, 84C2C07Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 6538936Ah
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 238E47F7h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DA43C0A9h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0A0E8C3E6h
sub     eax, 0BF2B4FA3h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 1967DD39h
xor     eax, 0B76BED43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 54781F9Ah
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 49983CB1h
xor     eax, 75E1F5ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E1298862h
xor     eax, 0DCD9882Dh
add     eax, 9A4EE7F0h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 611EC600h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 3505FC7Dh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0FF404385h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 84519ECBh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 17953C75h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0D4272287h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DA537DC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 99FF84BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 5AE098B4h
sub     eax, 0C39C9FABh
xor     eax, 2526E9F8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A89806CCh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 108CEEF2h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0CA4F0E6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7E65EE24h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 0D54AC4A0h
sub     eax, 88CAF798h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ADAF0A4Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8F3D9AB2h
add     eax, 67C65BF4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 210D54A8h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AEB6B8DBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2628D0D8h
add     eax, 54A3B463h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 386E1667h
xor     eax, 0FDA300DCh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0BDB88D29h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1DDCB91Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 3C4B1EEFh
not     eax
add     eax, 622EC020h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 426DAA65h
xor     eax, 62F37680h
add     eax, 0D9CEFCD3h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0DA4B5A73h
sub     eax, 0D3A402F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1F74BB2Eh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0A4C8087Bh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 6AA6FFE1h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A452B86Fh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 88959CA7h
add     eax, 82EA61DDh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 86D153DFh
add     eax, 0CC16916Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0D4969F1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 81D62886h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0B8DCFADCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7768AEC5h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 755913BCh
sub     eax, 6B5CD3C5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 9CF0964Bh
add     eax, 8473D613h
xor     eax, 40DBA34Ch
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0F1E259E0h
sub     eax, 0BFD83148h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1A009B59h
add     eax, 264EFDBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A6794116h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CD738F46h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C010CBEBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0EE620767h
add     eax, 93ED949Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0CBF86DF2h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2BF9D2F4h
sub     eax, 0D14E0B2Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6BD57BB0h
add     eax, 0F30A98DBh
xor     eax, 437498B1h
xor     eax, 0FADFBCA8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0A324819Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C84918F5h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0FC43BBD3h
not     eax
add     eax, 33FC3E59h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 29F6A361h
sub     eax, 710691E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C45D436Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0BCEEAFDDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B145838Bh
sub     eax, 0EDD573F3h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0A2870A12h
add     eax, 8518E400h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 6AE6EB49h
add     eax, 313A4F76h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0E347D4A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 81D75941h
xor     eax, 37E95711h
sub     eax, 0D62E7358h
add     eax, 52DA437Dh
sub     eax, 529B1A7Ah
sub     eax, 7B346EE3h
add     eax, 0DF3E7B4Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 55ED7475h
sub     eax, 0FF8D0D18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ABA911F9h
sub     eax, 0DB6152EAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6A0952EFh
sub     eax, 9885C8E4h
xor     eax, 0B03B2249h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0D810AA45h
add     eax, 4F71F9E4h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0C8D864E7h
xor     eax, 7186A1FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 86D920FEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 88F3AC07h
not     eax
xor     eax, 79E55DD0h
sub     eax, 0AE7BE2E4h
not     eax
add     eax, 909C43DBh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0C20E22BBh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 9EA0F820h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0D37A2CEFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 39617931h
xor     eax, 4728AF31h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 4AB5CB4Fh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5944E6EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4E3E61BBh
add     eax, 72D4B404h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 68C02394h
add     eax, 1ACD6B45h
add     eax, 89C3BD97h
not     eax
xor     eax, 47FA269Fh
sub     eax, 0ADDA94B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0C7ACB2F7h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C66687ABh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F6F7112Eh
sub     eax, 2A7149CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7A36909Fh
add     eax, 933A463Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 34B3CA68h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E816C894h
xor     eax, 3ABF346Fh
xor     eax, 0C459018Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 68461B2Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D398BFC6h
xor     eax, 7C2EEC76h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D4EE4D68h
not     eax
sub     eax, 14A84734h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 233338E7h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 54FB3D00h
sub     eax, 0BB6D15F2h
sub     eax, 8EFF9BDEh
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5B26E1FBh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 95DF50CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1E11CB95h
xor     eax, 0CD3F3FABh
sub     eax, 0A72C9236h
xor     eax, 612140CBh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 550D9C3Ch
sub     eax, 76D20E3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5F16BE11h
sub     eax, 0AF23B5A3h
add     eax, 45653ADAh
sub     eax, 78B3D416h
xor     eax, 0C0E180B3h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 5EA7524Ch
sub     eax, 9B6EA88Ch
sub     eax, 92B999D5h
add     eax, 68DFCE94h
xor     eax, 2FF3B013h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0CB5B8B02h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 61D3749Eh
sub     eax, 0CDD68C16h
sub     eax, 727C017Ch
add     eax, 57D79C9Fh
xor     eax, 203DED00h
add     eax, 53C0DFEAh
sub     eax, 0CFDEB567h
xor     eax, 82416B7Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B20B6592h
sub     eax, 0BA4BF376h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 2AA87CE3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F2C260EDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7839EB57h
sub     eax, 56E875ABh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 751B202Ch
xor     eax, 4CCA1FDAh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 283FB984h
xor     eax, 0D13B723Ch
xor     eax, 4826F4F7h
xor     eax, 81147ECAh
sub     eax, 1C78F349h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 31D97443h
add     eax, 7BC96882h
sub     eax, 88614BDCh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 211D1B49h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 74D3A8F6h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0A845F8ACh
sub     eax, 0F6123790h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0C3496D7Dh
add     eax, 3DC582A0h
xor     eax, 599EDAFBh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E485914Fh
add     eax, 0AF240D88h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F63B7585h
add     eax, 8B82D79Dh
add     eax, 0AB539E3Eh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 9A635F46h
xor     eax, 76A40C80h
add     eax, 0DDEFB711h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E5B75EDCh
sub     eax, 57038902h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E3A11207h
xor     eax, 0EA51BEFEh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8619DB8Bh
add     eax, 0E9A70799h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F6DF6466h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9B46ECCDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 376B6BD8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8962C050h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2CD94C66h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 850DB28Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BC19F631h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 3FBA51FCh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 3B13651Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 2EE299ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BE7882A7h
add     eax, 8777805Eh
sub     eax, 0EEF90FBAh
add     eax, 22D930B3h
sub     eax, 319C68EBh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CE497522h
sub     eax, 0A1ABBC82h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9EC89D0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0E68E1BFBh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 618541B0h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 2FF60BB0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1EF18B91h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9956FACDh
add     eax, 8E1FD751h
add     eax, 134F9057h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A03CD97Eh
xor     eax, 8159A437h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 91517AA4h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0DF62D430h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0EAC606B7h
sub     eax, 32F28EB5h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0FE4D7081h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 64940342h
not     eax
add     eax, 4EBB8DEEh
sub     eax, 0C6C78B2Bh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D4D7BBFAh
add     eax, 6329CD0Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0B3025834h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 95A6953Fh
xor     eax, 82470DA7h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AF102C44h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0C22FFA43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 72866C9Eh
add     eax, 41442029h
not     eax
sub     eax, 48F75551h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 85F8BC0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3E65F786h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 350F7CEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8269D752h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0CFECF134h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 33DD68C7h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 7F6C629Dh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 52DD7B1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2865F48Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 17832EEDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 6C1654F9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0AA8F90EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EEA808BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0D6DEAF0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 1866BF4Dh
sub     eax, 0D6DCA33Dh
xor     eax, 5D80BF60h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 7E16A692h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 90811A54h
xor     eax, 0BEB56B64h
xor     eax, 5CAFDA59h
add     eax, 11982E91h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 844AC8C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D7A9AC39h
add     eax, 482316FBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0B98849EFh
sub     eax, 4B05761Bh
add     eax, 5A350946h
sub     eax, 0A919D1C8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0A3529CB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 969B7D31h
sub     eax, 2B932E66h
xor     eax, 0DEDD12C8h
xor     eax, 0FFCEC6E1h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 208C5110h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D9C2BFB7h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 44F6715Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0A9AF1962h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CD6DCCE5h
add     eax, 3F64C503h
add     eax, 7D1ED5FCh
xor     eax, 330C32A7h
add     eax, 991A0382h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D76CDA2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FA424C92h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0E8CB5876h
sub     eax, 2DFE529Bh
add     eax, 953F90F4h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 7FB834B6h
xor     eax, 50E816E1h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 7540B205h
add     eax, 2309C939h
add     eax, 4864D454h
xor     eax, 0FBA59549h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 4CD6406Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0B51DA116h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A17D6DA1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5FA599A7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 19DF6E20h
add     eax, 0FD832E63h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0B250D3ABh
xor     eax, 717024DDh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 497C4572h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 53C317CCh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0B9DE2CA2h
sub     eax, 3461D7BEh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2E9E6789h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 140FBCF9h
add     eax, 998E33B9h
add     eax, 62FF8EC2h
xor     eax, 9A12AE4Ch
xor     eax, 18E881CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0B0E11567h
add     eax, 7101F793h
xor     eax, 61E87FEFh
sub     eax, 9BA35DAFh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0BC856799h
add     eax, 8C2AC92Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0A8220A4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0C079C48Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 2AA3B2D0h
sub     eax, 30859E12h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AC679531h
add     eax, 0FA429DC5h
add     eax, 2E4CA6E5h
xor     eax, 120A653Ah
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 826DECA1h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 2CCDE571h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D1778035h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 71CF7091h
add     eax, 9C3DC5ACh
xor     eax, 0B1B721F2h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 48166B42h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F355CC38h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 7C88EB06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BAFC51CEh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 4635EC8Eh
xor     eax, 8BB972CAh
add     eax, 8681E5F2h
xor     eax, 5785C525h
add     eax, 0BE8BBEEBh
xor     eax, 0D0DEF836h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 223BC9B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A0255313h
sub     eax, 0D15018F4h
sub     eax, 0EB511D55h
sub     eax, 87A2F4D2h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 47884F50h
xor     eax, 0EA678252h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 963DAC85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AD9801F0h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0FEA352F0h
xor     eax, 0F8BF4D30h
xor     eax, 47B990ACh
xor     eax, 4AE0C8E0h
sub     eax, 18EC928Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D3FA1BC4h
xor     eax, 0D355AA2Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 27E18161h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6831F01Bh
add     eax, 0E7FC7606h
add     eax, 75A79DE9h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 7CFEB01Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 17F8216Fh
sub     eax, 99096343h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0F7F8A886h
not     eax
add     eax, 9301C2A2h
xor     eax, 0CADADB7Bh
add     eax, 0E4101DCBh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 211165F4h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0EB71D061h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 98E00723h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EA20C6DFh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 58D6BB97h
sub     eax, 403CB719h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 41238D07h
sub     eax, 81CEE061h
add     eax, 5533740Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 241E5F6Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9F88D830h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 88B44D81h
sub     eax, 53E30E6Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 91CF34A4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FC0FE17Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8EB7F718h
sub     eax, 6F9B835Fh
sub     eax, 45963A1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7FD3D15Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D3A2682Ah
sub     eax, 0AC1CDC89h
xor     eax, 2774F20Ah
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 92047A00h
sub     eax, 9794D017h
add     eax, 744D4E7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 205A3FE0h
sub     eax, 82CE0C34h
sub     eax, 81E13915h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DC00A878h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F63157FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 9BA61DCAh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2A47BE0Fh
add     eax, 35E3898Dh
sub     eax, 0F2347F13h
xor     eax, 3E2F3D5Ch
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 2C12E26Ch
xor     eax, 57554880h
sub     eax, 4E22E916h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 33277BD9h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 297E342Fh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 25431C8Bh
add     eax, 0F54A72D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BF35087Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0A6CF94CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CF74813Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 194CD98Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 984BEAC2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EFB6A583h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 1B96B3ABh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8F0F3536h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D0972C52h
not     eax
add     eax, 0ECD2F0ADh
not     eax
add     eax, 85FBB5F6h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 2F7CC77Eh
sub     eax, 0C8581202h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 391CEA59h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 27A2CAE3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 71DF1407h
xor     eax, 41E75045h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 31DEE06Ch
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 701C7A0Ch
sub     eax, 5B3FD9C9h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 99BB9CF0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BB6453FCh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 6D4309F1h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0C42BB1BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A68E1C08h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DB114C28h
add     eax, 38AABB3Dh
add     eax, 60017EE1h
sub     eax, 4A456FAEh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 132302E3h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 4FA22BC0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7B7D5D59h
xor     eax, 0EFBC958Ch
sub     eax, 924BDEA4h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0EE3BD903h
add     eax, 5EC1904Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 7ADA819Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 79875809h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 1227BF64h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0C6EAB1BEh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 51970257h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 56CB3B1Dh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 2AF77640h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0DAFC871Ah
xor     eax, 49F1C348h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 86B7F68Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AB9D255Ch
add     eax, 0F53F75D8h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FFB764F8h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0ECF72D8Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FD04725Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0B4989C89h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FE5EFB37h
xor     eax, 5CA00815h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DB45C6B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0E049D4A8h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6E8FE46Ch
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 47AEC416h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3C31D4B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 609A74C8h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0F5C58B61h
add     eax, 8D915710h
add     eax, 4B513E32h
xor     eax, 84A39F29h
add     eax, 0E6F607A4h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 7414BEC0h
xor     eax, 73949793h
add     eax, 9F8CC4CFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A47FA3E4h
xor     eax, 83D7E710h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FA5BE555h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2A81B45Ah
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 10F711AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 36F7BDFEh
add     eax, 0F16AC10Fh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 9D39D347h
sub     eax, 0EC59F09Ch
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B843E912h
add     eax, 7C0295D3h
sub     eax, 16A8C170h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 66561280h
sub     eax, 0A487310Fh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 8581186Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DCBFEE31h
xor     eax, 66DD4D20h
xor     eax, 37E746B0h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 9D654479h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BA5584EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B336954Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 8BC82A5Bh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 23CD3185h
not     eax
add     eax, 7B04D18Dh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FB10B8E9h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0D578C9C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BAC758A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4C308EB1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 79C29E57h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0C20BFD53h
not     eax
sub     eax, 884ABDFEh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0A381AFC6h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0A2C75A66h
add     eax, 76BFDA80h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0C1BB43EFh
sub     eax, 9F1C72F3h
add     eax, 23501CB7h
sub     eax, 67253183h
add     eax, 7C0556C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 78BC4343h
sub     eax, 0B49224E9h
xor     eax, 0B1CAA8BAh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 8D65A93Ah
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BB551182h
not     eax
add     eax, 785687E5h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 2DB2D520h
xor     eax, 0BAC06EF0h
sub     eax, 91E60358h
xor     eax, 6DE7C341h
add     eax, 4C081903h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 4EA554E8h
sub     eax, 0A240B7FEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0A929E767h
add     eax, 150F244Ch
xor     eax, 59BCA28Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BC51EC53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E946E5EDh
add     eax, 4247EDDEh
xor     eax, 0F7B0EA9Ah
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 9E41DC76h
xor     eax, 79BD8164h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 38B0AFD9h
sub     eax, 9C9D0AB7h
add     eax, 0AF4AC8DDh
add     eax, 694EC53Fh
add     eax, 0BBB8623Bh
xor     eax, 65FA63FEh
add     eax, 4A14508Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A5C81CDEh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0A2E84807h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0D5BBD9F9h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7924C44Eh
sub     eax, 94B952E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E824FC33h
sub     eax, 681D249Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3A7E82DBh
xor     eax, 5642551Bh
sub     eax, 96834196h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D89A7805h
add     eax, 0B09C1FBFh
not     eax
add     eax, 4893E772h
xor     eax, 2E91DCCBh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 1F00D52Ch
xor     eax, 24653FACh
sub     eax, 6B7C79F0h
add     eax, 0B4259A45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0CD361210h
add     eax, 4E801E5Ch
sub     eax, 680D43EFh
sub     eax, 4EE9FFA5h
add     eax, 4F4E89E6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 5463B260h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 4BA68660h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 4AA9DC4Ah
xor     eax, 4FF671D6h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0E73C9186h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2567E3CBh
xor     eax, 4266C7BDh
xor     eax, 99AA545Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 89011169h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 57B133D9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 396B1611h
add     eax, 4556BF69h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 1B198DC3h
add     eax, 1DB5D3ABh
add     eax, 75D312FAh
add     eax, 3AC6FB11h
sub     eax, 3CAB673Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DFFA6B98h
add     eax, 0E69D9DC1h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 395D7767h
add     eax, 58FFC28Ch
sub     eax, 0C7BFA92Ah
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0EFE82FE0h
xor     eax, 3F0DF72Ah
xor     eax, 620F91BEh
xor     eax, 1FC41C0Ch
xor     eax, 0E4E8EFE8h
xor     eax, 2FFD8748h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 1E1F7FE1h
sub     eax, 815DA6BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 19AAC393h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 10EF4A98h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AFD6B406h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B6120E4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0D70E90CAh
xor     eax, 6A9E2B20h
add     eax, 7FBE13D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 30A0C910h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 25B98FA7h
xor     eax, 852A1DA5h
add     eax, 5D6D4B80h
add     eax, 83C43880h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 4BAACA9Ah
xor     eax, 2ED4DCA0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D477FFEAh
add     eax, 88B62777h
xor     eax, 0A9ABA1C9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6317F917h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 278F5239h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0A341FE54h
sub     eax, 28553884h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 8ACDAD4Bh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0DB294D0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 9CDFD0C4h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 6EF3E577h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7356D20Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 7097055Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 44D51C53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 71755D58h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 59E47CABh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 1D71AD89h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 95E65CBEh
xor     eax, 9FC33122h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 39C37A6Ah
xor     eax, 29021D49h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 28B8CA58h
xor     eax, 0CABDA2B7h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 58B2BB9Dh
xor     eax, 1C6E17ECh
xor     eax, 2708DF3Ch
xor     eax, 999D0E13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E5388BD1h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 333F7A9Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A5D42014h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9EDBB176h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 9DB7A97Ch
xor     eax, 0E94B5F81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C6437BDDh
sub     eax, 202A9840h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 8DBD50FFh
xor     eax, 41130125h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A676BA5Bh
xor     eax, 4842C425h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0FB6E24E5h
sub     eax, 0E5457C42h
xor     eax, 0A8C87B5Ah
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 6F95FA84h
add     eax, 0D521F087h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 74A8765Dh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 7929FE8Ah
xor     eax, 0FE4BF9B1h
xor     eax, 0EC9B04FBh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 3588D8C3h
xor     eax, 8C239F47h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0C38B24E4h
xor     eax, 0B90ABC84h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 944FB4BEh
add     eax, 23C1855Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C77B2443h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB8D3BE6h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2EF2739Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 300E9BAAh
xor     eax, 75B4B455h
not     eax
add     eax, 3F208CF4h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 17299C0Dh
xor     eax, 55E51152h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 2F10FCDFh
sub     eax, 0D9FC21E2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0F671339Bh
xor     eax, 0CFD8095Eh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 74147228h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0D0FB130Ch
sub     eax, 800F5949h
sub     eax, 0BC0814F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0E1C0EA1Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 532B84D2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BD5532ADh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E8A2C52Bh
sub     eax, 19EA75A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 10A864D8h
xor     eax, 0B3B1F8BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0F89FF0F8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 4287D7E8h
xor     eax, 8E14C9BBh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0ED350F9Fh
add     eax, 21452C43h
add     eax, 5DBAB2F8h
sub     eax, 20BF0944h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6C8CB077h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E69B8472h
sub     eax, 0B2FB1720h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 3AEE72D7h
xor     eax, 83B644B7h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0A80CB854h
add     eax, 23EC7F20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 7EBE38DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7DED3EDFh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 599C1F50h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D34D9570h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3D355B3Bh
xor     eax, 6EA54BF2h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C0A9D5CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A26D8E7Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 869C2203h
sub     eax, 2F325442h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E0BB9C73h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7F27E9C3h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 29A06128h
xor     eax, 91DB0387h
add     eax, 343CFCECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 72C3CCC4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FA899C86h
add     eax, 94B8CCEFh
add     eax, 0F6146A38h
xor     eax, 0C5741677h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0F0650232h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 6E92011Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8EE5795Fh
add     eax, 0F06F370Fh
sub     eax, 219AC8B4h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 25400DEDh
add     eax, 57019939h
add     eax, 0A498F703h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0D2483859h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 93C11CFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1F0934CDh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0DB8AF12Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 91476BACh
add     eax, 0C7047054h
sub     eax, 20DDB598h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 94D12F85h
sub     eax, 83A244E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0B5CCEEA0h
sub     eax, 84A56405h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0C76715FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F31B72A3h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0E8DAD7D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0DD9D2978h
xor     eax, 603AE416h
sub     eax, 86866756h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8A2B4444h
add     eax, 0C035FD17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 12EB9744h
sub     eax, 8ABD5A26h
xor     eax, 3BB204EBh
sub     eax, 61F36A22h
sub     eax, 2246EA30h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 70D5B951h
sub     eax, 61BD97B8h
sub     eax, 239C58B7h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 26A592C0h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0D12CC954h
add     eax, 0A199DF53h
add     eax, 0D156126Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0E52FBD64h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 8F47AC45h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 78022AB5h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 79B8514Eh
sub     eax, 82C0B1B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 198FE815h
xor     eax, 7A025976h
sub     eax, 7F6FE087h
xor     eax, 507904EDh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 5ACA56F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ECBEF185h
add     eax, 1AA7FE1Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 76FCE89Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7A204996h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D2E61FACh
sub     eax, 4FEF72B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 67A6B908h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0EA80805Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D6C50CC9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C602CF72h
sub     eax, 3234AB4Eh
xor     eax, 0EDFEDDF3h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C7E11C02h
xor     eax, 0DF4F5A08h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 72F2810Ah
xor     eax, 0E5999ABFh
add     eax, 31EDA401h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 23558242h
sub     eax, 51B47EB0h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 9F1EC523h
xor     eax, 7FF12998h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 34D8C8BDh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3DA2D498h
sub     eax, 55DC8864h
xor     eax, 0D8C104AAh
add     eax, 6ADBE350h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0DCA7D37Eh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 17289DBCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 407AAF68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F8850DA2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 6A8CA680h
xor     eax, 612740C8h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 119B8103h
xor     eax, 905BBAA1h
xor     eax, 7DE987ADh
xor     eax, 0C3428E6Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0AD4BEB82h
xor     eax, 193A3AFBh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 39DB6AAFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 31EFCAB3h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0D9A32111h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0F17C6F1Fh
sub     eax, 2F982B9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 543605CAh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0ABA38E07h
add     eax, 0E09D6676h
xor     eax, 4A4D158Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D25931BEh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 738FDF5Dh
add     eax, 0A0EC5013h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0A20C1F01h
sub     eax, 5DE1E1B6h
xor     eax, 8AA3ED5Dh
add     eax, 27E7C829h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8A83B16Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F667253Ch
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0A3E61E75h
xor     eax, 0A9936570h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0DB41E4B4h
sub     eax, 603E4EC2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A45716EBh
xor     eax, 0DBE7D9FBh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 11F63FBBh
sub     eax, 0B64604AFh
xor     eax, 32D61545h
xor     eax, 4099D264h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 3116A19Bh
sub     eax, 0BC25C55Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0CD907E40h
xor     eax, 867C32ECh
add     eax, 93865EF9h
xor     eax, 744FFF8Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 64D97A42h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 90A99B9Dh
sub     eax, 0F5AC65D5h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 4E5EDE4Eh
xor     eax, 5C7F26F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 772CBB75h
sub     eax, 9D7C3A51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 10CEEF0Ah
sub     eax, 86DEE3F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8CF6E83Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6B01E033h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 33667253h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 72FA7500h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F87284E5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 1AE44EEEh
add     eax, 0BF9C70E7h
xor     eax, 0E32CE935h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AE73C609h
add     eax, 0CF97F033h
add     eax, 0BD278796h
add     eax, 0D47757F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DFD9B4A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EBB19AE0h
not     eax
add     eax, 6BFF18E9h
add     eax, 2FA6A8D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0DC5869EDh
add     eax, 0B60828BCh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0D74BCF18h
xor     eax, 0A32BA35Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 41518245h
sub     eax, 8DD2B667h
add     eax, 2345A9BBh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 6174CF50h
add     eax, 343194A0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5A0FA65Bh
add     eax, 991D4556h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0F8D38120h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D372CC4Eh
add     eax, 8B0B51C5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B8E99E17h
xor     eax, 13202EF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 977D59ADh
sub     eax, 0D9C4EFC8h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 8FC88FD1h
sub     eax, 5A222E8Ch
xor     eax, 8ACD2DF7h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0A5042686h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0B2070F18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F727516Ch
sub     eax, 0EC0B6E79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 1BCCE157h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 97BA9ED0h
add     eax, 0C0A61BE0h
sub     eax, 960920DEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0B1C89572h
add     eax, 0A0EA3611h
add     eax, 76D33949h
add     eax, 0C30F430Eh
sub     eax, 1055109Ah
sub     eax, 1CFB53B4h
add     eax, 86F3FD57h
sub     eax, 78AD5EBDh
xor     eax, 0EB67DBE8h
sub     eax, 7DDC1EC3h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 812F9569h
sub     eax, 6C3F93ABh
sub     eax, 5A0DB04Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 4D05CA18h
xor     eax, 0DA5E15ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 80C58E3Ah
sub     eax, 0A0302A24h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0A82E1DD0h
add     eax, 15360BEFh
sub     eax, 0CB969B1Eh
add     eax, 9A66EFEDh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0A1E5E607h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 40C92CE1h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0ABF5B42Ah
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A414AA1Ch
add     eax, 2DA89C98h
add     eax, 92EB4B59h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 9A9C0813h
xor     eax, 0B38903BCh
add     eax, 63B7F3F6h
sub     eax, 0E2F3E2E2h
sub     eax, 1BEEA4E2h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 25294BC0h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0DA3F6882h
add     eax, 748A6A5Ch
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C32C6595h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 77503488h
xor     eax, 3C853DF6h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0F4236E71h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7EF7F535h
add     eax, 52B5A101h
xor     eax, 0E19759E2h
xor     eax, 0CB0A7ACDh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 65916779h
sub     eax, 162522BBh
sub     eax, 6A2505ECh
sub     eax, 0A6DC3EACh
sub     eax, 0B131E920h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 7EDF8EF2h
sub     eax, 0F23F79E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 52E67260h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0AD016495h
not     eax
xor     eax, 42E467CCh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0FDBBC94Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 887CB8D6h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0F16FED8Fh
add     eax, 623407A6h
sub     eax, 0E9ACFC49h
sub     eax, 0E6921D43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E639C345h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 4F9501EDh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 84B10DF7h
sub     eax, 0F624C648h
sub     eax, 31B7FDEEh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0B6017EE0h
xor     eax, 0A83FF11Dh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 845AAC52h
add     eax, 8D0E5125h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F9CB5F6Bh
add     eax, 687C959Dh
sub     eax, 0BFD31471h
add     eax, 480D7C62h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 170230CEh
xor     eax, 0AA816A7Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 2AD6299Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 796F3548h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 62491D11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3CBEA53Dh
xor     eax, 71A5F318h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 9F3AEC3Ah
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 73E1959Bh
sub     eax, 90BA7190h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0ECA9F89Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0CFE68AAEh
add     eax, 0D1507C4Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D48F4446h
xor     eax, 4F25D7C7h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0ABA56DAEh
add     eax, 0B7106162h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CA1985F2h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0D026BF13h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 23B00EECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2058451Ah
add     eax, 620AEEA7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AA78155Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0FE1882D9h
add     eax, 0ACB4FBEAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 8C6C0C2Ah
xor     eax, 0D33AC8A4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0ABF91716h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 21DFF395h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 7D4C1D20h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 51A1D375h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 8CFFD17Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 1E37CB27h
sub     eax, 5DF17F49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5A7FC1F9h
add     eax, 0E46ACD4Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 30B41E07h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 48FEC77Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0EDB3B5E8h
xor     eax, 2018EDAFh
sub     eax, 0DDCE736Fh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0CA117DD8h
add     eax, 3B806908h
xor     eax, 2BA1A841h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7FD266EEh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9751AB2Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 73EE5E09h
xor     eax, 26572595h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C5F76DCBh
xor     eax, 2442E89Bh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0B4F5B9BBh
sub     eax, 6FEA95B5h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8C0A816Dh
sub     eax, 0D1559BA3h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1CA406D4h
xor     eax, 8A6F086Ch
xor     eax, 0A884017Bh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D3382DF0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 42F5EA2Bh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 4CC23E19h
add     eax, 91D800DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 36F84D2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7BF2BC71h
xor     eax, 14C87F22h
xor     eax, 0B9D8DD7Eh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0DA35201Fh
xor     eax, 12BA5CDDh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 6185E73Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A4985EEh
add     eax, 0E93AF636h
xor     eax, 828E0E7Eh
xor     eax, 26F16C5Ch
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 18F27419h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0AAE82949h
not     eax
sub     eax, 99E53D55h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 6A8A5100h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 953D2D17h
add     eax, 32AE69FBh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 9FCE233Bh
add     eax, 564A67E1h
xor     eax, 30F9BBEDh
xor     eax, 3FD55ECDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6742E28Ch
xor     eax, 0E4D64043h
sub     eax, 4B7AED94h
add     eax, 17815CD8h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0CA445FF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9F6CA5BBh
sub     eax, 0CBADC1BDh
xor     eax, 0F933D090h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B0945EABh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 357C560Fh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 2FF9D94Dh
xor     eax, 7DFAA39Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C34B3870h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C9B0CCF8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DF656FDBh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4D8D14EAh
xor     eax, 75E96753h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 3E7C613Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 917F2109h
sub     eax, 0EEB3619Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B29C0F21h
add     eax, 4335533Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F47D2308h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 4DB1FEBFh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0B304E77Ah
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0CAF40AB4h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C63A85Ch
add     eax, 1EB2BBAFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 22DE8123h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0CC09F2A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AB6B1CD2h
sub     eax, 8A622C16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 596DAF8Fh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 86AA1CBCh
sub     eax, 0DA610AA1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0DE6FDB2Bh
sub     eax, 7378AE81h
sub     eax, 0D4D05E2Eh
add     eax, 0C2C0FAE2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 347C16D8h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 7AC3EC0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 9B56CDBBh
xor     eax, 1AB618C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 32B20AEDh
sub     eax, 0FBBC79C6h
add     eax, 75E0EEE1h
sub     eax, 0F816D0FFh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0FAFE7925h
sub     eax, 0F640B0EAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0E8A4A2FEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EE0DCBDAh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C050883Fh
sub     eax, 0CE803F95h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 8FC5DACBh
add     eax, 0A11FA0DCh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A69D156Ah
sub     eax, 0CB4C8726h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 513B2B24h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1B2B7675h
xor     eax, 0E5F43108h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0E52CFA3Fh
add     eax, 62CCD6B5h
add     eax, 421CAD27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 61F2FC03h
sub     eax, 540AD707h
add     eax, 3213956Bh
xor     eax, 0CD3E55CAh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 643266D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5BD87C3Ch
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 989B3092h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0E3A18B92h
sub     eax, 74485EC5h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 62B7399Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0C5F0F153h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 42F985E6h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0D8D05A13h
xor     eax, 0C6A1CCBAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E8517968h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C1AE924Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 42F6AA6Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F252AB4Eh
add     eax, 6B204588h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F81F88FAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 92E48EE7h
add     eax, 46B9E532h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DAC95D1Bh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 8F07D331h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 140EC6B0h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F27B2993h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 8D05A400h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 56288B20h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 7D99BFB2h
add     eax, 70D3A2C6h
add     eax, 5266179Bh
sub     eax, 2ACAA72Dh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0E6D482C8h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 8737D07Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 17BD91E9h
sub     eax, 0ACD57F11h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0DB8A8A11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4434DE7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ACA842CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A693B8E4h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0EA995BB2h
xor     eax, 24CC6EBCh
xor     eax, 0FC4D90ECh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0E2C049D7h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 13CE24B0h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 73993461h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 48078E68h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FBDEFEA6h
xor     eax, 16F40034h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 3FEBE22Dh
xor     eax, 0F5047F95h
sub     eax, 2A5AD35Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 8F2E8E87h
add     eax, 383E32E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B2D8A40Ch
add     eax, 43ED628Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 4AED9ADFh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FC74D695h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 9ACE7DE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 9C49A2ADh
add     eax, 60A08040h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6AB014C1h
add     eax, 3533F4C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BE67D024h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 12DAB90Ah
add     eax, 144B889Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 2D291A3Ah
add     eax, 3E90D284h
sub     eax, 0F60CF6C3h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 96675E0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 32E5EC05h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 7787303Bh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0C5C5E00Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 76051CA8h
sub     eax, 349B202Ah
sub     eax, 0DC023E53h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0F9A78391h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 60CC9435h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0F2CCE2FFh
xor     eax, 5565DCD5h
xor     eax, 4A94131Fh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0DC655498h
sub     eax, 9CBE94AFh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 20DBA790h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0CD90B775h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0AD6FA068h
add     eax, 0BC7A598Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 140BE1A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D2D2412Eh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E53510F2h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C51604EFh
xor     eax, 0EBA50F73h
sub     eax, 9D3D3CDDh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E96BA939h
sub     eax, 34963458h
add     eax, 0C2DD01BFh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FDFB2E56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 164203EBh
add     eax, 2D0B681Ah
xor     eax, 79AC07B1h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BC70458Ch
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 298996EBh
add     eax, 0B7AC3F78h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E741DBACh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0D74E3EB5h
add     eax, 0A57A6E70h
xor     eax, 0CE0F90CDh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 5FA60FCAh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0EABE9D19h
sub     eax, 397E1DDAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E18AF3FCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A3CB52A3h
xor     eax, 7F330808h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BDD730F8h
xor     eax, 1B6AD7D4h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 64E96C4Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0D2405C66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C0A815A1h
add     eax, 5AC4AB3Bh
sub     eax, 0B0905B6Fh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 3F0D4084h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0D24ADC86h
xor     eax, 0AA05A6DFh
sub     eax, 0D89F5EBCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 7AE89C84h
sub     eax, 0CBBBAA35h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 132622B6h
sub     eax, 8FFB7DA5h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 9FCC52EEh
sub     eax, 339DE79Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5B33D5BEh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 415A0339h
add     eax, 7A033D3Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 7A0CE1F8h
add     eax, 0C17CE984h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 9548A4DAh
add     eax, 0D9C72D72h
sub     eax, 0D1554417h
add     eax, 0DAC4DDC1h
add     eax, 0D625C1B1h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0BDFAEEF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 4DFCD9D8h
sub     eax, 5CD937C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6E588F34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 25B1BB9Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0D0CB8898h
sub     eax, 33374852h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0A52065AFh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0B6E4DD2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B2EC69D5h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 8D0689D7h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0F3A469ECh
xor     eax, 0B80D724Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A99E10E3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 39E0F60Ah
xor     eax, 0F61766B3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D51F47F1h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 8D09E9B8h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 3F0B77EBh
xor     eax, 675A1EB6h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 72D84088h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0D105D3B4h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 53ECDCE8h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 1B6F47B3h
add     eax, 2E4CD6D1h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BD167DC1h
add     eax, 30684E5Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F02149F0h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 88B4533Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D0C6DE3Ah
add     eax, 0F5188342h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C5F0510Ah
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 1CB3A146h
add     eax, 9DDBC8DAh
sub     eax, 8663AC30h
not     eax
sub     eax, 48FB8472h
xor     eax, 2A3DA49Bh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 8799682Bh
sub     eax, 0BDECDFD4h
add     eax, 12066F40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BE49A9ACh
sub     eax, 744EF3FAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0A6C2CED4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2EE51F1Dh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0F4881E7Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 435DD2ADh
sub     eax, 5EADB4BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0D03E31F5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 2D4C3E48h
sub     eax, 0CAD3AB3Fh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0A34E6F0Bh
xor     eax, 0C3C3AA99h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 547DAAE8h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 7BE22176h
add     eax, 0A3A67CA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 8890C419h
xor     eax, 759B539Dh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 4BE04880h
add     eax, 7F325F35h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D6D912E2h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 35E0165Dh
xor     eax, 92C9A6E6h
add     eax, 90EB6AE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0E535E90Ch
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 7ADA0D30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8665FD6Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 52E95442h
sub     eax, 859571ACh
xor     eax, 6D6BDF8Eh
add     eax, 83379172h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0A27A15EEh
add     eax, 0C19FBD28h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 6CCA2248h
xor     eax, 520C8041h
xor     eax, 67A832B8h
add     eax, 3F05D36Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A2563FECh
add     eax, 0C21BBE35h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 208341D8h
xor     eax, 452E10B0h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0A41706ADh
sub     eax, 9FAB18A4h
xor     eax, 0C5A26542h
xor     eax, 0D6478423h
add     eax, 0B9BDCA26h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 63912B5Eh
add     eax, 40796CFCh
add     eax, 0BCD20A5Ah
xor     eax, 3C1808C4h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0A6F16A03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 24ED5BFEh
not     eax
add     eax, 9DE2FE0Ah
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 26AEC7E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7C690E13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4BE5656Bh
add     eax, 1F73E5B0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CEB84D1Eh
add     eax, 4668ADA7h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 3FE002A9h
sub     eax, 243E8FAAh
add     eax, 40287893h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EAD67C46h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 50A93F4Dh
add     eax, 0D83FA5D0h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0C499AD62h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0ABEA713Ch
xor     eax, 2CF9FF5Bh
sub     eax, 0DBF8D4ACh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 1063588Ch
sub     eax, 2F6EFC6Ah
sub     eax, 44A74DAEh
add     eax, 9656E0D7h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2ACFC732h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0D3DF0AB4h
add     eax, 46286C89h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 32678D2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A46A51E9h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A57A7790h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 24FB8117h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1A20FE80h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 502B171Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 700F7534h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8C8FB120h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 42201320h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BE465994h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6849DC36h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 21F32FA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0B82F9200h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 8BC27BB9h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7AB61F61h
xor     eax, 0CEFDA1DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0C6D84637h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 3E44598Ch
xor     eax, 48D5FDECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 23D32798h
add     eax, 7038D3B3h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 6780E6A3h
sub     eax, 1950ACF1h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B05CA691h
add     eax, 4AF138D3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7395FB4Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 64C9203Bh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 83B7F621h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 14156548h
add     eax, 0F16A30CFh
add     eax, 5F79EC5Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0B4880A09h
not     eax
sub     eax, 299578B4h
add     eax, 938592A7h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 72EED8C3h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 15585BFFh
xor     eax, 6D68DD09h
xor     eax, 0FFE199ECh
xor     eax, 8F6EA8EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 7CDBAE9Dh
add     eax, 16F5D28Eh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D3BC18D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 455E8318h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C003DD8Bh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 5B9EB6A8h
add     eax, 18F14691h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8E6D13C6h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0CC3E7560h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1666A3C4h
xor     eax, 680C4840h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 349058C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0DABC93AAh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 611A391Dh
add     eax, 352A361Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 4B642886h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0E4B60991h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0E3F3BDF8h
xor     eax, 6C91AEB1h
add     eax, 50CD5FECh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 841A4BD4h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0C2240F1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 66487FA8h
sub     eax, 0DF157366h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 968ADDB5h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 28E428D2h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 1F0D0B14h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0F94F3CE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0DC15C66Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 944BCBFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FD7EDB69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0EE94C997h
sub     eax, 282F2DA5h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 384873FFh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 4C85FA96h
xor     eax, 8843AFD8h
xor     eax, 0A86F7725h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C5D5A282h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DC9B49C1h
sub     eax, 0E5E67BF7h
xor     eax, 76D6CB4Eh
xor     eax, 90567C99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E7453E1Fh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0F9E2DE8Dh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0A938DE88h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 7E632551h
xor     eax, 18AD56F6h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6DBBAAE0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 420D121Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 75BA75C9h
xor     eax, 121F0D54h
sub     eax, 0D20CC6FDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 2893481Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 85411E53h
add     eax, 3C8BF0AEh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 9AC1C0BDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 34DC21BCh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 630EB1CCh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0DB463AD6h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0FC1A998Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E9AE6B61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3F150EF2h
add     eax, 68D03A5Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F69062CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 755A147Dh
sub     eax, 0B7DB25F1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FD272BF8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BD641017h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0C3F19019h
xor     eax, 929F6A81h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8423455Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0C258AFD0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DC033888h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 2BE4B4EAh
add     eax, 7E90220Fh
add     eax, 6E56E364h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 85558CCAh
add     eax, 0B6ECBFDCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 822EC890h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 99A61642h
add     eax, 0C7E465CEh
sub     eax, 4C484262h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 1483ADFEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 46445504h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 371871CFh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 71C878A9h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0DBD36277h
sub     eax, 1BB7C4B6h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 10A7E632h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 56388A81h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 755145C8h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 76730145h
xor     eax, 68369AA5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DA20BF03h
add     eax, 29477A5Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 45EB43DFh
xor     eax, 28ED9F27h
add     eax, 5DD9935Fh
sub     eax, 73B3D599h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4458B386h
sub     eax, 0A25EAC08h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 9F79F90Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 9084B652h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 810D282Dh
sub     eax, 4559A4A0h
sub     eax, 9F43B829h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CF2E45AAh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 319AED26h
xor     eax, 0ACA569D7h
add     eax, 9C1779FFh
xor     eax, 0C4C9B75Eh
add     eax, 8D75891Bh
sub     eax, 0D2687AEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A915158h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F90B2FA1h
add     eax, 91C62B67h
xor     eax, 970CEE74h
xor     eax, 4CDE7699h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0D4960F7Dh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 928D4DC8h
xor     eax, 0A552BE9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E4D91E38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 16F61102h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C8A14DCCh
add     eax, 0DD4414D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F8C3963Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0C5859D88h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 81F83C5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 24737252h
add     eax, 0B2B70D1Eh
xor     eax, 0EF61D4A6h
xor     eax, 8F8E06ECh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 53291266h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 21361200h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D5D23C94h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C2697BBDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B7F7820Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 4D2638D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2385C9AAh
add     eax, 387A8CB2h
add     eax, 7061AE18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 86439BA4h
sub     eax, 11388270h
add     eax, 0DC26D620h
add     eax, 5F965E23h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0DBB1F51Ah
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 711A86A1h
add     eax, 3BD2351Dh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 43C0EC0Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 80F2E01Bh
add     eax, 0D167D91Dh
add     eax, 0C4734A40h
sub     eax, 4ED67FB1h
add     eax, 66279712h
add     eax, 7BF47369h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EBA5B671h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0D0947EA1h
xor     eax, 692B1FBDh
sub     eax, 0DA80D7B0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 494A0307h
xor     eax, 74317D60h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 433A744Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D9DA27CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A5C2CE6Fh
xor     eax, 4B00A168h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A98FC252h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 96D476C7h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 458D98DEh
add     eax, 5B1675E1h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0B8D1688Ch
xor     eax, 0CBC7CB50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0AEA0D42Bh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5D978363h
add     eax, 0D519136Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F3C44759h
xor     eax, 0EE0DFFA8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 97400610h
sub     eax, 1690E9D2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D2B3C5B1h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 63025FA7h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 1A23EB67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 22626AD5h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 4580F28Ch
xor     eax, 7F4EE360h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0DD82121Dh
sub     eax, 5B795A44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C0D6AE07h
xor     eax, 0E2D1E260h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 880BD558h
sub     eax, 0F479F4D4h
xor     eax, 0D8E1F891h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 9D4EA145h
add     eax, 991F6A09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 9E9690A4h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0B5F944DFh
xor     eax, 69FAEE83h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CB9E9B60h
add     eax, 666C0534h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 4F61EFD2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D7A5843Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 9A7628C1h
add     eax, 97F3DA76h
add     eax, 7C29647Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0DDDA3E20h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 420D81E2h
sub     eax, 6262C3DFh
xor     eax, 0E1537D70h
add     eax, 565C8F5Ah
add     eax, 94EACE56h
not     eax
add     eax, 3A2F2A0Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 1AB02E0Bh
sub     eax, 68F96B04h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 36F29C5Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9FF6127Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 62AC2D53h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0FCF16AB8h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 275C9C61h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C43A9924h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 92AD0364h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0D858B505h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 9B33954Ah
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 1A030A6Eh
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 20631734h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0CAC67F4Fh
xor     eax, 9BE48356h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0C558E0CCh
add     eax, 2D4F1388h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DCBDBD01h
xor     eax, 54992422h
sub     eax, 4DE39D52h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 64964951h
add     eax, 0EE6B8214h
xor     eax, 0D031F50Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 2B7AD8C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A52BF260h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0F9EEDF33h
add     eax, 688FDC25h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0E112176Dh
sub     eax, 0FE2C7698h
add     eax, 0B5CA4E54h
add     eax, 0BDB4E05Dh
xor     eax, 93077606h
add     eax, 24B38294h
xor     eax, 0CE5A533Ch
xor     eax, 15D2A4F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 15247DF6h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0EB2E9376h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3F3EC66Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7F385E5Ah
add     eax, 91B21E0Eh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 53F26133h
xor     eax, 0F499FC89h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 1DF71EDCh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 56DB45FAh
xor     eax, 10D522A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CA7F0900h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 8404DDFDh
sub     eax, 0CF2E1B6Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DCA1C5F7h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 15B38463h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2ADC4265h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9CF1EE63h
sub     eax, 0B4B12133h
sub     eax, 487CAC16h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E0EE14E4h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 24CDC67Dh
add     eax, 0D5783921h
not     eax
add     eax, 545E2B8Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E1B7C492h
xor     eax, 88B5BBE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B6E37029h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D70A4AA9h
add     eax, 0DA286D95h
xor     eax, 0DABC8626h
xor     eax, 0FF94DC41h
not     eax
add     eax, 25179E56h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 649EECF1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 56A298A6h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 16AE97FFh
add     eax, 5157B103h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 98E4FF1Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 433C8106h
sub     eax, 39BC68B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7B477DCDh
add     eax, 0C3F47536h
xor     eax, 4321DDF5h
add     eax, 23F70207h
xor     eax, 17D847F4h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 63449447h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8A88C352h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 2CD1EF39h
xor     eax, 0CFB5EDB9h
xor     eax, 2A009660h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0E50F64AAh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1DB2F9D2h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AED30F87h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 685D5E0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C6A8A98h
add     eax, 0E1A94289h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0AD843E84h
sub     eax, 0B9FF9450h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DAD7C0C3h
sub     eax, 38061FC9h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0CB34F0C3h
xor     eax, 0A7834999h
xor     eax, 96485CB1h
xor     eax, 0B5914CD6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C29D7F1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0A7CFA23Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9D195F25h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0D6519607h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0B4C01B1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 38EAF08Fh
xor     eax, 7025119Dh
add     eax, 0CA5CF4C5h
sub     eax, 0F761C6D4h
add     eax, 0FE1EB2F8h
xor     eax, 68B5F50Ch
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0E33B8F14h
sub     eax, 54D39856h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0B0074C08h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0E6EEA338h
add     eax, 4E27BDA5h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 14A94A0Eh
xor     eax, 738AC93Dh
sub     eax, 527AC5DCh
xor     eax, 4DFB448Fh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 7DCA307Ch
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F46881F8h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0C97B2847h
add     eax, 668B9594h
add     eax, 410A1C4Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 71987FD6h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0C9167BB6h
sub     eax, 83A955EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0B69D5BBBh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 95BCBBE3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B04AEBD3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0ED11FF6Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EE77173Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 42AAC40Bh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BA7413B4h
add     eax, 963533E3h
sub     eax, 0D55937A0h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 4C12BAEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5EE75F11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 45DEA2C2h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0DC32D136h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E9C522EBh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0D5C5BC30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 33503D0Ch
xor     eax, 0F758FE52h
add     eax, 0AE6C23FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0B49F487Eh
xor     eax, 1D9BD337h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5BD2B85Dh
xor     eax, 1B9D1EB1h
add     eax, 2D2F8338h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 18775255h
xor     eax, 4D1E1C35h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 9ABF93DEh
sub     eax, 0ED8A8A3Ch
xor     eax, 7E1B7134h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3970276Bh
xor     eax, 0BEAE1E71h
add     eax, 9C51E82Ah
xor     eax, 0A680D7CEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 42E5551Bh
sub     eax, 0D1A0226Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8977EE38h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0D6E8447Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 41E17093h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 348E23E3h
sub     eax, 5D19B75Fh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A5D6F53Dh
sub     eax, 0C482FB87h
add     eax, 11999FCEh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 552A0062h
sub     eax, 7CDD3474h
xor     eax, 22A017CFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0B422F0CEh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F64C8A3Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0A9FB75DCh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FF1041BEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 887E5777h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0C33B18AEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0E0D1525Bh
xor     eax, 0F2C47CC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4D4C3D56h
sub     eax, 0DE97CA3Ch
xor     eax, 655D3524h
xor     eax, 0B476E1DAh
xor     eax, 0F7739D53h
add     eax, 0CE6CD6DDh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0F1962DEAh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 4AEA43EDh
sub     eax, 0F6319BDAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 9A93D7ECh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 6B5F95A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 8D1FA53Fh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A28CB632h
sub     eax, 12CC4B75h
xor     eax, 0AC992586h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0E6DC5968h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0E4B4A2F9h
add     eax, 2C531064h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 2EC5A8B3h
xor     eax, 0E6752DF2h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1ED9D656h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6A48D0F5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EA718F23h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 59F6424Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 65EA8A42h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 56361A67h
xor     eax, 0D4BBD99Ah
sub     eax, 1C7222D5h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 759CB087h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3673BDB3h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E533E7B5h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 89E18782h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CDFA5067h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6F129FD9h
add     eax, 1D017115h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 3AE5A3D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 7C771873h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 8ABC526Fh
sub     eax, 0EDC28D38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A66FD4F4h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 2447373Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B9E948E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 7C634A79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F6243763h
sub     eax, 0A454FEE4h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A34E07CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 55CDB67Ch
xor     eax, 6CCB246Bh
add     eax, 3F0B5FF1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ED0FAE64h
add     eax, 6DAEA5A4h
xor     eax, 0AF364F72h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6A8A0335h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F098AA26h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0CA3726B2h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0B59CC89Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DF8485A5h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0BB189A68h
sub     eax, 0F512C1E2h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0C6B6665Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0CC411B78h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D816A801h
add     eax, 20C06ACBh
xor     eax, 0E9836054h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 2BCC76F2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 80666064h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 83D1B05Bh
add     eax, 0B60D816Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A23D4FA0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C683CD0Bh
add     eax, 0BA96D314h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0B163EC4Bh
xor     eax, 64FD5E36h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0B5646C33h
sub     eax, 6E194638h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 4BDA41D0h
add     eax, 8BD09CF4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 2C18B7DDh
add     eax, 830F4A92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CA29ACDAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9897D88Fh
xor     eax, 0F96CE74Ah
sub     eax, 0B2CB90C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2F6FA635h
add     eax, 0E0666328h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 28901359h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 78403129h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 366F7F49h
sub     eax, 11A69C63h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 54F58D77h
xor     eax, 45804404h
add     eax, 72075BD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0EB328FCEh
add     eax, 62BA933Eh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 8F23740Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 9981C64Dh
sub     eax, 72189F72h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5B2C65AFh
add     eax, 64364D47h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DD187738h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6CD650E9h
add     eax, 52FB89B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B30B3F4Fh
sub     eax, 24486DD1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 111B621Dh
sub     eax, 0EE66F3B3h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 1F5C5C73h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 57D05CA7h
not     eax
add     eax, 1139FB73h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0E10E6F88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 379B9745h
xor     eax, 254C6643h
add     eax, 965F8234h
xor     eax, 69373DD2h
add     eax, 0F3770F4Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 613B759Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 3CDFF28Fh
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 2012BCC2h
xor     eax, 73B68127h
add     eax, 0D4BDD02Ah
add     eax, 67424FADh
sub     eax, 2BDAA31Bh
xor     eax, 4121F1CAh
sub     eax, 0D5B08730h
sub     eax, 1FB55B5Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 2BB740EBh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 619F7FEEh
add     eax, 89F607D1h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 58227C9Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3D46F02Bh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0E32EEC0Eh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 3912861Fh
sub     eax, 20A2DC41h
xor     eax, 61BFC401h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ACDAFD68h
xor     eax, 19AB1A4Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 882AEB54h
add     eax, 0EA9B0E9Ch
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C1D7DEB9h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2022113Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 54C776A6h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 8B35B5DAh
add     eax, 0DDF0BD1Bh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 582F4112h
xor     eax, 0CA43926Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BFC5D3B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 929A9855h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1E22524Ah
add     eax, 0E61341FDh
sub     eax, 0F7584B85h
xor     eax, 714A1805h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 33378064h
xor     eax, 8F6FE096h
add     eax, 1E0B2DBDh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0DDEE80ACh
sub     eax, 22F2A884h
xor     eax, 9DF67936h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BE1187A1h
sub     eax, 0DA856709h
xor     eax, 11D2F1C8h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0EF12561Ah
xor     eax, 21BF95C7h
xor     eax, 6DE8238Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5C06E093h
add     eax, 0F24C4080h
add     eax, 0EF9A2FC4h
sub     eax, 7EC46488h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0CB46EE73h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0E5358EDFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A595CD5Dh
add     eax, 4BCDC31Bh
xor     eax, 29D310DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 30321FE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 30315B17h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2DFD1727h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DCB26FD8h
xor     eax, 3CFF7E46h
xor     eax, 37ED8262h
add     eax, 177411BFh
xor     eax, 25380360h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0C615886Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 12DF3039h
sub     eax, 0C48CEF9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 9146B93Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0AB92BD71h
add     eax, 0D5050755h
xor     eax, 0B30C3AECh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2EA7D71Fh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 7722E6C9h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 6266FE22h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 857E303Ah
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 43E57513h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A40CF205h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0A6D6E736h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 24BB67F0h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 852705A5h
sub     eax, 23316189h
sub     eax, 0FADD388Eh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 90DC67B7h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0DE17E0BAh
add     eax, 0DB3DF57Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FDC24EDAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6905CD3Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0E1FE59A1h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0CAA855F8h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DAC7111Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 39BE38F5h
sub     eax, 2FB48B18h
add     eax, 3BCD1AA6h
xor     eax, 0F6D87DA5h
add     eax, 630162A1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3BF73DE8h
xor     eax, 0D5A8FBF2h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 6B807FE6h
sub     eax, 0D0CEF2EBh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 31C9B0C7h
add     eax, 0D8A03C80h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BB747067h
add     eax, 20EDE96Eh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DAC65320h
add     eax, 77AC6E8Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0CFFB55F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 389E0EC2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0D4610190h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0CA8E3AE8h
xor     eax, 5D23F1B3h
xor     eax, 513AEE44h
add     eax, 65ECC8BEh
add     eax, 0B56A7AB0h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 1F230B7Dh
xor     eax, 2A9736F7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F4CBA9B7h
add     eax, 0A7CD3755h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FBBD2BE3h
sub     eax, 8C1F1A7Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A65EEBAAh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0F645B68Eh
sub     eax, 9C952F27h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 2C98D9D3h
add     eax, 7C668AF1h
add     eax, 0F8A0A50Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 1B3B0E85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0C3D07FA2h
sub     eax, 0DE841862h
add     eax, 29A0151Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 92130EB3h
xor     eax, 0E0D14AF9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0B6FD9F23h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 68B39EE9h
xor     eax, 886BF29Eh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 8B5EE84Fh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7977870Bh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0FD2E91B3h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 44A2F295h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 2B191D13h
add     eax, 6279FD4Fh
add     eax, 0CCF2B5A9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 18A13ADAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 99C49711h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0E34398D3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 98982FF2h
xor     eax, 0C98B7963h
add     eax, 8AAA7F88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FC2C64FDh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0FABB3657h
sub     eax, 7C20C11Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 2C9DDB57h
add     eax, 0AD7E76D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 328D8590h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2F209E3Ch
add     eax, 0C6912A2Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B5C8EE5Fh
xor     eax, 34B68E87h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 56DDBEB5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E2A54A68h
add     eax, 7E38D9F4h
xor     eax, 2A713369h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0B286C38Ah
xor     eax, 0B27CF644h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 78967A95h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0A6BF4E5Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6BB95BB4h
sub     eax, 8559121Eh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0A9AC8E2Fh
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 8C77D145h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1BBB0696h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9F8CA573h
not     eax
xor     eax, 35D2D1BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B116618Eh
add     eax, 0CD87083Ch
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 527E26BEh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6CBFA281h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 720F6BCCh
sub     eax, 5BF4F0C0h
xor     eax, 0F3B1E46Ah
sub     eax, 6DF0ECC7h
xor     eax, 0EEA5D93Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BA16BD61h
add     eax, 0B17D7346h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 2C0F4428h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 821041DCh
sub     eax, 157DFBF9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 5EB30114h
add     eax, 2F4C7626h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DFF52E3Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 17F8F87Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 12BDD6C7h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C1159822h
xor     eax, 0BEA3B676h
xor     eax, 29BD20E4h
add     eax, 0D8D1E479h
add     eax, 0B408769Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 4FAC50B5h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0CCBC32EAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FA4D2339h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 3D2DA639h
xor     eax, 0BD26ACD8h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 9C355D2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AF3756A7h
sub     eax, 0B2F7070Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 8E6A3B03h
xor     eax, 3DBE44FEh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0B228E2F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 932A0A74h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 134B8FEFh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 6CDF33D3h
sub     eax, 33B4366Ah
add     eax, 596950C2h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E879E076h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 4D5BE9DCh
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 85DE2845h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 951FEB75h
sub     eax, 8659B027h
sub     eax, 25F0A006h
sub     eax, 5A1CA16Ch
add     eax, 0A34A67D8h
xor     eax, 7934828Eh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0AA4FA471h
xor     eax, 0D4AAAE5Bh
sub     eax, 10E24043h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 9A087F93h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B1A47001h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 46740845h
xor     eax, 0C01B4A4Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F9C92262h
xor     eax, 0D3E9FB7Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 5993318Dh
xor     eax, 0FC2090DBh
add     eax, 2D823DA5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 32EBFEADh
xor     eax, 0D262BD1Dh
sub     eax, 88496384h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 3EEA2B6Fh
add     eax, 0AA4182ABh
add     eax, 4A6DE41Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 153A86BBh
sub     eax, 0B9A237AEh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1A7C0864h
xor     eax, 0C1222196h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 2474822Ah
sub     eax, 4FBCB3DCh
sub     eax, 49BBCF9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 2DBEC585h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0A1CB3BCEh
add     eax, 951B78AEh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 1D9B934Dh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0C9151E3Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 7E86AF19h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F6E7E324h
sub     eax, 83D5E4B1h
add     eax, 0D8AD4CD4h
sub     eax, 5F7DDD27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D201E48Eh
xor     eax, 0EDECAF9Bh
add     eax, 13B85C03h
add     eax, 49D31B11h
sub     eax, 536CDB78h
sub     eax, 0DB93F98Ah
xor     eax, 0B7EB5CDEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A82451C4h
xor     eax, 0F316D440h
sub     eax, 0B88ABCD6h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 742E0BA2h
add     eax, 0D6476B72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 69C52ED1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 10961884h
not     eax
add     eax, 579E1E4Fh
add     eax, 0C2866F02h
add     eax, 0FE82903Ch
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 77209C50h
sub     eax, 0D6998F4Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 7EBA8B32h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 226CC376h
xor     eax, 0F84A7492h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0DFDDFB2Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0F43C0924h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 4EFC2802h
add     eax, 8A6E7D08h
xor     eax, 0B83D29CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BA171777h
sub     eax, 0EA521288h
xor     eax, 0FC32EE4Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2217EF53h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 1C92DD97h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 8524031Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 986447EFh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 83FF2BE2h
xor     eax, 0F8C7BE8Ch
xor     eax, 5E52783Dh
sub     eax, 0BA0C9AB4h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0C78A04F2h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E2046FEEh
xor     eax, 0B0D40369h
add     eax, 0D4AF0D32h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 612AFEEAh
add     eax, 759C2759h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0F2BB7A4Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 329D4041h
xor     eax, 0A3821839h
add     eax, 48719BBFh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0E725022Fh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 1906B9A8h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 76AE25C3h
sub     eax, 0DFBB149Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 5D4C7E89h
xor     eax, 514D19EAh
add     eax, 0D274B811h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A60E3226h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0BAF3AD6Eh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 583BA50Ch
xor     eax, 7E04AA73h
xor     eax, 688160FFh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BDE9AF30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 51F39D68h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 62EA5C0Eh
xor     eax, 34188A95h
add     eax, 0D0091E7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EC8F38A3h
sub     eax, 0E5A128E6h
xor     eax, 6C9A43EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 213B202Dh
sub     eax, 2C6C7198h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4A8F0611h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D491E9E8h
xor     eax, 75DF9FD3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 17427183h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0AD018FC4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3CB8C532h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 57BBF594h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0F355388Fh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0D10A13CAh
xor     eax, 7B8A7C8Fh
add     eax, 240FB8C5h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA424755h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 876D6098h
add     eax, 420E8CC9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5A281A06h
not     eax
add     eax, 9DB4D497h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 66036412h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 2796ECFDh
sub     eax, 0AC2F37CCh
sub     eax, 853DE360h
add     eax, 0D9E5746Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ADF30AB9h
xor     eax, 51F4C04Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FDEE6F07h
sub     eax, 3D5929AEh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 17766DDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 76EF5A02h
xor     eax, 2C02E20Fh
sub     eax, 0F4C09210h
add     eax, 0DAA4DA02h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 969DFD74h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FB78332Ah
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C600A955h
sub     eax, 1B9B782Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3DF2A3D4h
add     eax, 0A5E70F24h
xor     eax, 0A36071ABh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 20F8E3FEh
sub     eax, 9BABB643h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 8FB5A95Fh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 1AE95DADh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 9213F40Ah
xor     eax, 31703423h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0C40DBF9Fh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 75F91B19h
sub     eax, 0C9991ACEh
xor     eax, 3D270E46h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F30CF034h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F8779E13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DAE132B3h
xor     eax, 0FA97BFEBh
sub     eax, 7459CA43h
not     eax
xor     eax, 26C6AB46h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 57A948B4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 51B1F838h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0E7AF1A7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 72935D08h
xor     eax, 1FA8331Dh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 848B7F15h
sub     eax, 0F84DE51Ch
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0D003D7D9h
sub     eax, 0A54568E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 995FF66Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0D46C8055h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 99129E98h
sub     eax, 61EC4CFEh
xor     eax, 12253893h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E10B3795h
add     eax, 74FC8F9Ch
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 82DF8DE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 8AC4C061h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 830B0ACAh
sub     eax, 114782BDh
xor     eax, 0B238E255h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 2E064DFDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1CB31701h
add     eax, 91574895h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 1BF9E702h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B4C6A404h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3D34FE7Eh
add     eax, 9BA49620h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 89A086FAh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 33407D87h
sub     eax, 0B93A96AFh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 92D38649h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 60BD552Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 2BED9670h
not     eax
add     eax, 8E3F95F7h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0C21D632Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 95C77006h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 791BE524h
sub     eax, 71DBBFCAh
sub     eax, 7E89846Ch
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0C52810F3h
xor     eax, 0B4723236h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 80F99315h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0FC0B3B2Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0BC30C38Fh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0A7B18721h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4E705CEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 181B6DDCh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 863F2802h
xor     eax, 0C2B07773h
xor     eax, 0F0380809h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3CE0B031h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B76F7871h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0B097718Eh
sub     eax, 45BC2F48h
sub     eax, 9B56E66Eh
xor     eax, 0FA40D188h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0D74E098Ah
sub     eax, 0F92735CFh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0CC87208Fh
sub     eax, 3C290341h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CEA8D5B0h
add     eax, 3C583014h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B5B74F58h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 40B3D793h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F5D2BA95h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ACFA7195h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 9DEF3378h
not     eax
xor     eax, 29D111BEh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0BCE6F459h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9E8FBEAFh
not     eax
add     eax, 5A0F949Dh
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 3474E040h
add     eax, 6FFE6C9Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 38AB06FAh
sub     eax, 45913FEAh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 2855C111h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E2C2FBECh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 53773257h
xor     eax, 0A2A3EB45h
add     eax, 6DF00B8Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 1D8FE9A9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 68738259h
add     eax, 0DDF03A4Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 8D20474Ch
xor     eax, 0D07C71B3h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 26888123h
add     eax, 0AAA40D5Eh
add     eax, 0A8C4A155h
xor     eax, 53403447h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 4358B43Fh
sub     eax, 0B2633D03h
not     eax
add     eax, 66744AC0h
xor     eax, 0A0FB8A18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5D5ADF43h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 8B7CAF79h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 96844195h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 74E03B64h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D624E247h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 1E17C4B0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 69F3E124h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 5A88487Dh
sub     eax, 45FAA55Bh
sub     eax, 446FAA02h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 874581B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B1E8BD34h
sub     eax, 9AFA0775h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B9B827A3h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0AB854942h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 432F22A3h
xor     eax, 69CEF6F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 2A1C3A4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 9854EE80h
add     eax, 27673530h
add     eax, 37F9724Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 3A4B77F7h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0E7E91FF0h
xor     eax, 0DE6543B5h
add     eax, 56340D0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 341590BAh
xor     eax, 0B2B64290h
xor     eax, 2D0E5A21h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D86B0877h
xor     eax, 0A88CBC40h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 762903C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2A5F7FE5h
xor     eax, 2D4F310Ch
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0D956C243h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0D1972A7Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 6E274DC4h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0C191686Dh
sub     eax, 1D635E29h
add     eax, 0D3925DD2h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B62575BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2654D0D0h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 7CBB1E1Ch
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BBCA761Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7CF8306Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 68E70C3Ah
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0F94BE9D3h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0E0203BD1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F0B6A58Dh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 8982FF90h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0CF03D8E9h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 636BB23Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B0B258FCh
sub     eax, 3A506AA3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C3D79D65h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F5F560D1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2AF73A9Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 39B98B75h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0FCBAA43Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0EFA58E87h
add     eax, 9D42D3A4h
xor     eax, 2D055BFEh
add     eax, 61DFCCA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C23B1FF2h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0ECA8DEABh
xor     eax, 7D07CC0Dh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3C4EF22Ah
add     eax, 18059D74h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0BCDDA083h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E040A4AEh
xor     eax, 0B8B4068Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 70E37357h
xor     eax, 478679B2h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 14A50328h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F8E46CD0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D20856B8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 150C898Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 5A7D01AEh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 6671D012h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A4A9DE3Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 65ABC3AFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0E49D2605h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 10B5EBB1h
sub     eax, 658E5127h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0C8DDD7B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0DBE2EF76h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BEE62DF2h
xor     eax, 5EF2C564h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 3765BF82h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 6B27D821h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CB2178DBh
sub     eax, 7762C6C6h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0B784C124h
sub     eax, 601AB81Ch
sub     eax, 9A6EC97Eh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0E2DE5958h
add     eax, 9F20724Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 5D7446EEh
sub     eax, 862F4668h
xor     eax, 452A6BEFh
add     eax, 9117886Eh
add     eax, 0D4CE6811h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A1A686FCh
sub     eax, 81F48F71h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 3D960DCDh
add     eax, 0B1BF92DDh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7200CC9Bh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 35BD983Bh
xor     eax, 9795D8E0h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0DA47134Bh
xor     eax, 0E6229F9Dh
xor     eax, 0F9490421h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3DC8A765h
sub     eax, 0D3ED677Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 36D0234Ch
xor     eax, 9F56B52Fh
sub     eax, 0A5D1FD71h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0FC220E7Fh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 5C2FCF5Dh
xor     eax, 4706E4E6h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 61B98438h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 607FF442h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0CEF53B0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 14B652D7h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 829151A2h
sub     eax, 0E7E87F18h
add     eax, 0C6ACFE83h
sub     eax, 62E9DCF9h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A364EB05h
add     eax, 40856978h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0DA552B9Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 99F697C5h
add     eax, 8C49919Fh
xor     eax, 562F97A7h
sub     eax, 41B041C4h
xor     eax, 7EB8297Bh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 1D4F9279h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7D01B7BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F2E38805h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2E9C6FA1h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 85036A1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 28AA4168h
xor     eax, 4AD6F6C7h
add     eax, 957A76FAh
sub     eax, 0B4B73E29h
add     eax, 92F20C6Fh
sub     eax, 69EDFC88h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 38FD354Ah
add     eax, 158B16F4h
add     eax, 0CE67F974h
sub     eax, 0C7E96D76h
add     eax, 5DFA2578h
add     eax, 0F786F59Bh
add     eax, 9D673DCBh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 51C2C651h
add     eax, 0DD81BB24h
add     eax, 23E506C2h
add     eax, 2227A0D9h
sub     eax, 8F467D2Bh
sub     eax, 0DADDF3D0h
xor     eax, 0E23D1167h
sub     eax, 1E20BAD1h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 49837AAFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 77458FDAh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 72AA7A5Fh
add     eax, 0B93E136Bh
xor     eax, 0A35014CAh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 92664B19h
sub     eax, 0F1BCF6A0h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E8439018h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 10EA26FDh
xor     eax, 0EF9E9F28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 53B56876h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 12E7D06Dh
xor     eax, 0C9FD093Dh
add     eax, 2BB5A199h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5315CE02h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 2B7E5D48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6E00CA6Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0C2CD21B2h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 679F0458h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C0101F70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 96E085F7h
xor     eax, 25F89D0Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 7E4C4A43h
not     eax
xor     eax, 31C21582h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F9030030h
not     eax
sub     eax, 495D6ECDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8DF4E4DFh
add     eax, 5603B5E8h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 57B59B04h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8AB861B2h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 83285929h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 779CBF6Dh
sub     eax, 0C5CDC097h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 6B76111Bh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 4DB10B01h
add     eax, 0DA7BD3BBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 87C0FAC4h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 448DB8FDh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0CCB99B4Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 1F8E0C71h
sub     eax, 0F3889DA1h
xor     eax, 712CD098h
add     eax, 0BC955553h
sub     eax, 0B769F644h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 1F8E4FCBh
xor     eax, 0BED7E7DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 12A84C00h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 469C9065h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0D95688CEh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D2674BD3h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 349978B1h
add     eax, 0B2EC764Eh
xor     eax, 9B44AB82h
sub     eax, 933B4DD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 58265463h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 9F5950A7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 549F1660h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4AA6CC5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C08CE0FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5861C027h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D7C6AA49h
sub     eax, 2CAAB4F9h
sub     eax, 0C258C2AEh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 11EAADFAh
sub     eax, 0F5491C30h
add     eax, 0A53A9937h
sub     eax, 0A53C4270h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0DF8C3DE4h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5B22A955h
add     eax, 29E6DFB9h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 52BDCE9Ch
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 58A27571h
sub     eax, 26ACDD5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6C53D767h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6B515580h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16BA5BA1h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ECC68C1Bh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 2C98ADB6h
add     eax, 58655022h
sub     eax, 0E171D7CEh
xor     eax, 65924AAEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2F2E2677h
add     eax, 2FB0CD12h
add     eax, 2EA66325h
xor     eax, 5F27095Dh
sub     eax, 0A50DE8B3h
sub     eax, 622A47EEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 40FAFE12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 685D386Dh
xor     eax, 681FAB5Bh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0B2E84506h
xor     eax, 0C65EE055h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DA9D79EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6DCEF7C7h
not     eax
add     eax, 1CAF6B6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5258D539h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 641BA359h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 8F920328h
sub     eax, 8D798948h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 11E87DC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B13A07D5h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 17348D7Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0FC3F3605h
sub     eax, 50CDF9E0h
xor     eax, 0F6D988C3h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0AB38421Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 42B831A7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E29FD12Bh
xor     eax, 42E92BF1h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0D39BE1ADh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 82427A61h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D3B02F1Eh
add     eax, 586E193Ah
xor     eax, 7B644344h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 743C4D9Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2BFD90B5h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 20AA87D6h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CBF03330h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 1134879Bh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0A57D1D4Bh
add     eax, 0FB0A6736h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 8F846C53h
add     eax, 40D323F5h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 5EF257B8h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0B7F43B83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 84EDA2A2h
add     eax, 725D9B88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6C976157h
add     eax, 25FBAFB8h
xor     eax, 4D880D8Dh
sub     eax, 0CF6F53EAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8EC5A716h
add     eax, 2AD42259h
xor     eax, 14244D4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 474664A2h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 4D4660CBh
sub     eax, 7B1C16DAh
xor     eax, 0CF65C97Ch
add     eax, 533FCBAEh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 8B1EED5Ch
xor     eax, 4CA51D11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 892AA83Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AA1A8598h
xor     eax, 821C40B3h
sub     eax, 76BD4130h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 7E46CE79h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 43578D81h
xor     eax, 0FCAFF608h
add     eax, 0FF8ED364h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 96BB351Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D1BEA032h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 89E6F8A9h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 6C41FFEAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BB42B9E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7CC7054Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0F084FB8Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E17E2471h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 97C18B58h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C569201Dh
xor     eax, 0BCFB16A6h
sub     eax, 0C68A7595h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A9270743h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 181912A6h
add     eax, 4C5EC02Bh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BC472824h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 197CA315h
sub     eax, 5A9F14A2h
add     eax, 86BA650Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2D82878Dh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 2EDD9E18h
xor     eax, 51320D23h
sub     eax, 5A0211FFh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 45AE57D2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0F9AF68B9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 3ED22076h
add     eax, 0A36B84E6h
xor     eax, 98A9EED7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FBDDF39Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0CA78AB5Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3C413E00h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C1FC823h
sub     eax, 8FA4B252h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DBD6ADA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CAF8F4CBh
sub     eax, 4F1FFA6Bh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0AFACCE8Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E5CC0418h
xor     eax, 73338E8Ah
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 239EE182h
sub     eax, 0A209A455h
add     eax, 3AC24FBEh
sub     eax, 467EFF20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0AC52578Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0F6DE0B3Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 700369D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 678AA0D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 833DE61Ah
xor     eax, 0B9F6C551h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 882EBF6Bh
xor     eax, 50F32834h
not     eax
add     eax, 29694D24h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3683198Eh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 6D1C75CDh
xor     eax, 989F952Dh
xor     eax, 0CB08BF3Fh
add     eax, 67B7ED4Eh
sub     eax, 187D5F6Fh
xor     eax, 7B07EA19h
sub     eax, 6D2A1517h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 992AAAE9h
add     eax, 3CE02793h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 8015FA32h
sub     eax, 9C93A149h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 604FE0A3h
add     eax, 0CE1DEB01h
sub     eax, 8BA620AFh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 9C58EE10h
xor     eax, 0EB4E7819h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 94C353AFh
add     eax, 0E14AD501h
add     eax, 3B353DEFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DF56C363h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 57F1C02Fh
xor     eax, 14878429h
sub     eax, 6E4825BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D5A386D0h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E111923Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0CFE824EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3FC08571h
not     eax
add     eax, 42A9AEF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 8EAD8656h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0AD0313D0h
xor     eax, 0A553EFA0h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D236208Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 28DE3C07h
add     eax, 0B6D9FBE5h
sub     eax, 65668340h
add     eax, 62844474h
sub     eax, 0E40F5C8Ah
xor     eax, 5CE3FAA8h
sub     eax, 0B04863FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 758A3F3Fh
xor     eax, 0C9755A22h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0C55D7FA3h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0E27F31E0h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 2F34D2D3h
add     eax, 7C52AEDBh
sub     eax, 99BA237Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6004DF36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6D8E8FF8h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0DE832030h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4123B841h
sub     eax, 521BAFCCh
add     eax, 4CA58663h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 49FDEFCAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 62B2D5F9h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0B9ABB130h
sub     eax, 0F140CFA3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0C285D6A7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 2A32F916h
xor     eax, 634D459Eh
sub     eax, 7C571D35h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 8050CBFAh
add     eax, 1333F395h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 9F0F3015h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DEBDA9A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 22E9CFC4h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 65D00081h
add     eax, 0FE8D63CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 48E3E70Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 546A2E99h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0EC1833B9h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0D3487B95h
xor     eax, 9F6128D0h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0E25E6AFDh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 69D4B0CAh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0CD098B2Ch
xor     eax, 140B80A3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0FA9C6B72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DA3AA44Bh
xor     eax, 9DC2D545h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 831F25F8h
add     eax, 49A9E7BEh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 43D2112Ch
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0C1FBD04Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 51E2C34Ah
add     eax, 0F2B61DAFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 610B2438h
add     eax, 3EB9BE84h
sub     eax, 5ED9457Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 77D54B6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 117F4490h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 42CA9175h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 96E169ECh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5D0B3B0Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0C8BA799Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7AF558D9h
xor     eax, 613EDE5Dh
xor     eax, 0C87E8DCBh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0B38B26FBh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 7F60EA49h
sub     eax, 5C3A3C2Dh
xor     eax, 8F58EBF2h
add     eax, 0C17B2325h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 363525A2h
xor     eax, 0E3D6120Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 72044EF3h
sub     eax, 9F9A9665h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 3F75DE87h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 459315ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 30540194h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5783E9E0h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 38B99B6Bh
xor     eax, 90C2B2DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E10B078Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7B9EEEEEh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 8EA75CF5h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0EE443B8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0A8BFE51Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6096140Bh
xor     eax, 7CEB5D71h
sub     eax, 0B2A3CFDEh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0FF7B656Ch
sub     eax, 0B3F6E83Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 86CB7B3Dh
sub     eax, 32DB9F9Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E873B159h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0CE14009Eh
xor     eax, 35C07225h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 279D0628h
not     eax
add     eax, 1761C09Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 19484599h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CA2896ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2C5D767Bh
sub     eax, 6C5DBF8Bh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 42D7CC8Fh
xor     eax, 0E492E5D5h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 778C0EB0h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0EEDD31BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 38B69FECh
sub     eax, 0B9F1DDFCh
add     eax, 0A72111FDh
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0BCE8162Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 8CD1F9BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 69B67F56h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B40EACA1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4BBF375Ah
xor     eax, 0B2082F90h
sub     eax, 0A9798269h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0F214DC3Dh
xor     eax, 4EB8E76Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4018A4A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0BCCE332Fh
add     eax, 0B9F4A76Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 52C3CA21h
sub     eax, 4E9A695Eh
add     eax, 2244CA18h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 11B36C62h
xor     eax, 0E2F74859h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D4DD57AFh
sub     eax, 4372A797h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 64F5809Eh
sub     eax, 1585D3B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0A41ED34Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8792931Ah
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 8F44551Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 678B2B46h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BD0B70D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C3317D6Eh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0A542E6F9h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0AFB48701h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6C116F74h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0F8FA4DE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 9F1E1F1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BC924AA6h
add     eax, 1865DCDBh
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 63AE5691h
add     eax, 0F79A0342h
xor     eax, 69635725h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2D91213Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 50C407A4h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7046888Dh
sub     eax, 265FB99Ch
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C7DE2D4Eh
xor     eax, 0B25E580Dh
xor     eax, 0CAEB9BBDh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0BCC70657h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0AF418F61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 94DF5B04h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3BE79509h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0D0AF03C0h
xor     eax, 2789591Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0E06C8E20h
sub     eax, 8CBA1BC0h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 92137EDFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 64FEEDDAh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0A132B0ACh
sub     eax, 40114CB5h
xor     eax, 0C4F79F44h
sub     eax, 48CEBDA8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B3063237h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5A3DCF96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BB88353Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D3F28C92h
sub     eax, 54692265h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 71997A94h
sub     eax, 47C3D803h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FC436B88h
xor     eax, 0A913F9E3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BD92AD1Eh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 5A2D4721h
add     eax, 0A63BD559h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0AFD6CAC0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 14E11646h
add     eax, 0A5609B16h
sub     eax, 5038E022h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 624B658Fh
xor     eax, 0A4AE87BFh
add     eax, 0E9D4403Dh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0D77AB7BFh
xor     eax, 0E5A057ABh
add     eax, 11B96120h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0DCE0B816h
add     eax, 7A90E465h
sub     eax, 731ECF4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0B9F4BF19h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4E8EE955h
xor     eax, 37FF91A9h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 87B2CC91h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0DDC6DBC5h
add     eax, 3109DAD3h
xor     eax, 5AE4D942h
xor     eax, 0A0993FB0h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0B3B7C4AEh
add     eax, 1D303405h
sub     eax, 5FA39021h
xor     eax, 0BBF8A305h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EDA0D733h
xor     eax, 0A4971750h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 14F31ED6h
add     eax, 0EB24CCF0h
sub     eax, 0DA05A0FEh
xor     eax, 0DF0500F2h
sub     eax, 0B900766Ch
add     eax, 94029048h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D45FCA8Eh
add     eax, 34BEB06Fh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0B04C19B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3F38056Ch
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C2C17D3Dh
add     eax, 92961AE8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8753B0F0h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E92003CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DA7F6B4Eh
sub     eax, 3DE4BCDEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3F40F5B3h
add     eax, 60A55712h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0BDAAB7A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B7780890h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0C6CA9748h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 6C08C6EFh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0E2E63486h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 59F634DEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F89650A8h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0D7780D32h
sub     eax, 0BD68E345h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 616F4307h
add     eax, 0BEB9C970h
sub     eax, 0B9016D34h
not     eax
add     eax, 1CF39F1Dh
sub     eax, 724335C5h
sub     eax, 4D33FD4Bh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F3AFE38Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 389E7B3Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F46B521Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 783580BDh
xor     eax, 32DE706Bh
xor     eax, 0E6F0DAB7h
sub     eax, 0B9BB7FAFh
xor     eax, 0D1CBC9A8h
xor     eax, 8E89D828h
add     eax, 0D116FD07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 64C0BF62h
sub     eax, 0B877C241h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0D968DA59h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 153A35C5h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 9653EEECh
add     eax, 39DCF107h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 88BE9006h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 96D12434h
xor     eax, 46CD76E3h
add     eax, 0EE9EAA61h
sub     eax, 4AFF0702h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 27718066h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D7D2413Ah
sub     eax, 0F8489EDBh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 18AB7A1Eh
sub     eax, 0C97AB5C3h
xor     eax, 86316EDEh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 581FBDF0h
sub     eax, 0FF68CD62h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 17B6A9A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 81E103A8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 0A680D834h
sub     eax, 2CE2DB5Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2E4EC27Bh
add     eax, 0D1E2EA65h
xor     eax, 0E2291A9Dh
xor     eax, 8D0BB9CDh
sub     eax, 2F2A798Ch
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 88C03983h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1BA38BEEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EE83281Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 145370C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FF43BFBFh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 5FCA6B63h
xor     eax, 7E28160Eh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2AC781C3h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0F08FA6D5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0D4AEDEEEh
sub     eax, 0E74BA4EEh
sub     eax, 8AC8F012h
add     eax, 6D1B37D1h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 1E595CE6h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 19A335E7h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0BF29EB0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C4473F2Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3CACD7F5h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0D153DBB1h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 6CD338B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6F808D60h
not     eax
sub     eax, 517DD113h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1C37DBDFh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0F44449AAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F95F63C5h
sub     eax, 3035178Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0C82F8985h
add     eax, 1472C2ADh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 8B5DE0DAh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 73A8FA4Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EB33B641h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E29B0722h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3347A764h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0EEBB1A93h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 11E0AF57h
sub     eax, 35A2F408h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 4A681EDFh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 0A1BF947Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 9ACDD05Ch
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 782C11F7h
xor     eax, 54C21138h
add     eax, 16331F68h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F62056AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E9138717h
add     eax, 2C2C35C0h
xor     eax, 0D4F8FBFBh
xor     eax, 7AEF6C90h
sub     eax, 0B0575092h
add     eax, 26446C3Ah
xor     eax, 0D46D6DFFh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 7F859271h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EE3E593Ah
add     eax, 0D7798193h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 691B2234h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 91A6972Bh
add     eax, 9183E201h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 730D4EF0h
xor     eax, 0D4787B53h
sub     eax, 850A7CF7h
xor     eax, 48B18240h
add     eax, 0DB0BBBADh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 5444F433h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C7B4926Fh
xor     eax, 7EC1F29Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 1E0F2BC1h
sub     eax, 99303403h
xor     eax, 20C6D7A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5717A245h
xor     eax, 866F36E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9CBD4F53h
add     eax, 69A0B393h
add     eax, 3D059B69h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 9FC4CBCEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 760294D4h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0C8E4D6BFh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F5CF4753h
add     eax, 0D4D043ABh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0DF126941h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4185FEEFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F041B038h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 8451CBB4h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5CACA5EBh
xor     eax, 0EA78A769h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0F7C8E4F5h
sub     eax, 0B771FD58h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0FD36EC20h
add     eax, 69A51B3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0BA14929Fh
sub     eax, 0FC8365C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CDBAC6CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F93C62DBh
sub     eax, 1EF57529h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E82540FCh
add     eax, 48763F64h
add     eax, 232AB0A6h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0EEE84744h
add     eax, 6F127412h
add     eax, 0EDC5FC55h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 97A4FCB9h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A03188A7h
add     eax, 0C34CF0BCh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0D713D8E3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 60A71141h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 1B73E75Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 2B978128h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 9F85184Ah
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 352DED9Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 169ED47Ch
sub     eax, 0CAC7C896h
xor     eax, 29BAE5A4h
add     eax, 7A23171Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EFF470B9h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 9D71F430h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DDED5744h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 9CE38A04h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BBDC6FEEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7B4D5543h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D11EEEDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7ACD9DA4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 370597AFh
xor     eax, 0EF1E384Eh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 95E2A07Ch
sub     eax, 0FB671999h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 34B7962Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 1A95BCD8h
xor     eax, 277D1A67h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 43F8F33Ch
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0F6CD8A38h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 2CFEA584h
sub     eax, 3BEB59BEh
add     eax, 0D1D3BB04h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0F70F4C76h
xor     eax, 5A93FCA9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FEFD9B41h
xor     eax, 0DE619276h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 61188950h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 59CE2843h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CB172DD8h
xor     eax, 2EF9AFA5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E581D98Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 42DB9067h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9026B9BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 53589F67h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7C997F7Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 634FD97Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0C2B5BBF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F9F3995Ch
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 49157E81h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 641D1786h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 86FDF3D8h
add     eax, 0B40BD18Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0B91A14A0h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0F7286791h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0AF60F0E4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7B7B475Ch
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0C7B648F7h
xor     eax, 2527227Bh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A1875FDDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4813BA9Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0A7B29B7Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 92643836h
sub     eax, 99F33628h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0D3C7A7B2h
xor     eax, 0D30F69F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 855F8624h
add     eax, 0AC2B084Bh
xor     eax, 0F0F9718Fh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 324560D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 99536967h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 4D6E38FFh
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 579A5AB1h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0A313504Ah
add     eax, 0C1CE3A79h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0F0C1DF0Dh
xor     eax, 881992F9h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0DA5B9E7Bh
xor     eax, 41B66AAAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 56C5E983h
add     eax, 4919DB37h
xor     eax, 3605F547h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 91D391D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8A7F3EDFh
sub     eax, 9AAF785Eh
sub     eax, 0DD467719h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0D7FD4414h
sub     eax, 3FAC0C0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 0B28353AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 22E15731h
xor     eax, 7ED673C4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CFD88CE0h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0C99BBA3Eh
add     eax, 5D510F57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0FDCB621Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0E7DADBB6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B17AE052h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 246C4A63h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 38D68C54h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0DD5E3C3Fh
sub     eax, 3B028ECFh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0C9304F5Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A12F669Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0D4181F0Dh
sub     eax, 9068F138h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A8ADA430h
add     eax, 2576646Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 908488D4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C9E02CBFh
sub     eax, 0F022E3EDh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 7F0CD9DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FF64428Fh
add     eax, 0F3E32A37h
xor     eax, 1252E9DBh
sub     eax, 948AB7D3h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 18A739B5h
xor     eax, 6534B1BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0CA8147A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A089162Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D2CCFB67h
add     eax, 0E25D3780h
xor     eax, 55514F18h
sub     eax, 2C710264h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F9DE4649h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0DF4F94ABh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 6660E057h
xor     eax, 0E02FE683h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0EE1EF9CFh
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0A3022DC4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5B51E85Eh
xor     eax, 9A696A3Ch
xor     eax, 0ACBD3294h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 9CF16B82h
xor     eax, 0C3B5ECFAh
sub     eax, 10FD4717h
sub     eax, 0DF292C1Eh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D8B19076h
sub     eax, 20BEEB4Ah
add     eax, 45B09AE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 350EF58Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6F096767h
xor     eax, 1320B83Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 39767516h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0F6A2C414h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 82635DD6h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 4A09C170h
xor     eax, 0FAEAAFD4h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 17DBCA04h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0D9C2F279h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C37C4C62h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0E91FE8CEh
add     eax, 0FBEB3C5Fh
xor     eax, 6D1C1CA5h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0E36A35A8h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 66015AF0h
sub     eax, 0F70D76FAh
xor     eax, 0E9EDDD19h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 988DFC16h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EC702FE8h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 18A45EA4h
xor     eax, 9D7D6A5Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0ACE22F5Ch
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 1374F858h
add     eax, 58DE99C6h
xor     eax, 0BB8C7A03h
not     eax
xor     eax, 27ABC46Bh
sub     eax, 6960FEE3h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0CE503B8Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 9D5356E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 3BA68CBDh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0CCEF6809h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 86138CDFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 3B7C5A38h
xor     eax, 0CEE9292Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0CE4C7615h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 9D9D5B6Ch
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 69EFCA8Ch
xor     eax, 0B93ED966h
add     eax, 1965872Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0C36E43ECh
xor     eax, 0A4B23D29h
add     eax, 92C1615Bh
add     eax, 7EF327E5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 824FD1FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 914B99D1h
xor     eax, 7AE76821h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 558E296Dh
add     eax, 50E7C214h
xor     eax, 0EBB5FECCh
sub     eax, 3BFDFFC8h
xor     eax, 936AE962h
xor     eax, 0BEF51DAEh
add     eax, 0AF1ED6A3h
sub     eax, 2C11D475h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7A64DB55h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B4A844DCh
not     eax
add     eax, 0CD3931E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E25F9FF8h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0A6267D19h
add     eax, 172FECA6h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 23EA8513h
add     eax, 0B6EF3BCFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 345A6945h
xor     eax, 0C259F3E0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 408EBFCAh
sub     eax, 4A481FAFh
sub     eax, 28D2CBA1h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 9743F285h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0ABB57AC8h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 38972FF7h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C1767AD8h
xor     eax, 223758CCh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 5323F0F5h
sub     eax, 0A8F6A25Ah
sub     eax, 14815CA9h
add     eax, 0C6C82CAAh
sub     eax, 9FF726DFh
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 3A9C4D24h
sub     eax, 0EF3DFB38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 4AD00B34h
add     eax, 80B9780Ch
sub     eax, 4D11425Ch
add     eax, 301C83EFh
add     eax, 84591245h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 98C9162Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 34F93D49h
xor     eax, 0CD8A30C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 2383A29Ch
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 7840C433h
sub     eax, 193536ECh
sub     eax, 152051FBh
add     eax, 0B63A354Fh
add     eax, 0F54721A3h
xor     eax, 69BF153Eh
sub     eax, 4B28A54Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3EB1B64h
sub     eax, 0D45233A6h
xor     eax, 765B4231h
add     eax, 40CD8C28h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0A37764ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 13909459h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 279813BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 3D3704AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3B6EFA79h
add     eax, 7C385746h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0C4B29E22h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 54ABACB9h
sub     eax, 0AAD9BDC3h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A4851F81h
xor     eax, 0CB9C34B7h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0FAA305DCh
add     eax, 0F92E272Ah
add     eax, 3632DC1Eh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 38E9B3EAh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0A8A07FF4h
xor     eax, 4153D074h
sub     eax, 0CF49C589h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0A310DFADh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 77D76145h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 689DBEE3h
add     eax, 434A588Fh
sub     eax, 283C9896h
xor     eax, 3D4860EEh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A3039D6Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 232BABC6h
xor     eax, 0ABA4EBDDh
xor     eax, 5DA7823Fh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 30FD6207h
sub     eax, 16F864C6h
add     eax, 881C746Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 78A11A5Fh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E59B84B2h
add     eax, 6E18BB03h
xor     eax, 0DA833EB4h
sub     eax, 0C2381BE9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 5C8344D5h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0B393AFF7h
xor     eax, 0E40ECAEAh
add     eax, 0F7A6639Bh
add     eax, 8D0BB578h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 36514D8Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 9183B0E1h
sub     eax, 52F4D4C7h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 1D5CD60Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 644E6A12h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 18416FF9h
sub     eax, 0A018D3DEh
add     eax, 0E2839A9Ch
add     eax, 0F2F243E7h
xor     eax, 0C1B32F9Eh
xor     eax, 7A148881h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 1F3C397Bh
sub     eax, 0C20AFE2Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 5730B3E5h
add     eax, 0FF0013C3h
add     eax, 0BEEA1207h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AAFFE97Bh
xor     eax, 31637820h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4B6CFBD0h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 2E3AB561h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6ADDFD0Eh
sub     eax, 0A0DAF8ACh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 8A8F61A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 37FBCF62h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 630A95CBh
sub     eax, 5493E686h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 3C64E3C8h
xor     eax, 0C033D0C0h
add     eax, 0AA30BD1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 184DD5DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 889A42A2h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 2BE2C316h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 1E5C6FFFh
xor     eax, 11696647h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0C2C8A192h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F68B027Ch
xor     eax, 5327C148h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 4DE40B65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 845A3388h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 56C12E5Fh
xor     eax, 0C71531B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 77B5C4BCh
xor     eax, 2B9FA906h
add     eax, 604F1143h
add     eax, 7195DCB6h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0F195CA62h
sub     eax, 0FFF02950h
add     eax, 0D869B6CCh
sub     eax, 59B3F76Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 6669B851h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 9E6E3D1Fh
xor     eax, 0F0D10EF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0E38FD2E8h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0AC9EDAE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0E65D79DEh
sub     eax, 13511FF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 3A2D3E72h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 1E3F285Dh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0FA2E4C79h
add     eax, 92E432FCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B6842F37h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6994A982h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DB8CC08Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 45312176h
add     eax, 0DDB64987h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 38A34248h
sub     eax, 2C0EAD1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A5CFEA85h
add     eax, 6DA65056h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D9F923CAh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0D74AB671h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 4621F4F9h
sub     eax, 563F030Eh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 882B621Ch
add     eax, 89604FFDh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 86F2B590h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 36EC76BBh
xor     eax, 503351EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5F1D4CEAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 67AE3EFCh
sub     eax, 8A2B89CEh
xor     eax, 0EE277D26h
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 433A0EF4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 76FFEE92h
xor     eax, 0E0E6C5F7h
sub     eax, 426F3F80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 413F3AD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 9616A3CBh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B1BA60D8h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0A260179Dh
add     eax, 7675B1FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AD9DE867h
add     eax, 0C1E4DB53h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0A4946D06h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B27A33AFh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D33B65E5h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 10A63F71h
sub     eax, 4F2B31D4h
not     eax
add     eax, 63477015h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 218DE072h
add     eax, 0AF8C9841h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 4CC1E351h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 4F658E9Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 53036CD8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E27FCBDEh
sub     eax, 11E141EFh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 26BCB845h
sub     eax, 0A5CFAE83h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 1502DEFDh
sub     eax, 2FBA47D1h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 6C6400B4h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 9042239Ch
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0F76E1603h
add     eax, 0D68F0830h
xor     eax, 45271D88h
xor     eax, 2B72C793h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0B80FA2A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 90910AF6h
add     eax, 0F3BBB211h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3D16F629h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 46EB7909h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2AEC5629h
sub     eax, 8311ACDDh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 24663422h
add     eax, 4129E5DDh
xor     eax, 6398F49Ah
xor     eax, 7612324Bh
sub     eax, 84BE0F1Fh
xor     eax, 1FB3D056h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 25D0D86Ah
sub     eax, 6D4F5F2Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 0FC163F15h
add     eax, 9081F878h
add     eax, 455FCD42h
xor     eax, 7B606C87h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 175FC50Eh
sub     eax, 0E812E0AEh
xor     eax, 655970D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 58186A29h
add     eax, 0FA0EE0ACh
xor     eax, 0EA179C38h
sub     eax, 9ECB6344h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 507F45E5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5D5E9C8Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5F7FC14Eh
sub     eax, 7BB28625h
xor     eax, 0AE05A214h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A22A6316h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 85CAB3A1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 33765E8Eh
xor     eax, 0D2DC2DE8h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 20BC263Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 97E18D9Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 736161E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ED89E17Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 631C4BA3h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 444055BBh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FCE67C10h
sub     eax, 0C812397Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0EBB2921Ch
xor     eax, 4BE39B4Fh
sub     eax, 0ED49120Ah
sub     eax, 1A663054h
xor     eax, 269AFCD7h
xor     eax, 0E495E106h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5CB27BC8h
not     eax
add     eax, 54BA85F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1C68F8FEh
sub     eax, 337CB8AAh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 7D001EC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1BBE3B67h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 35791D35h
add     eax, 7C7DC736h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3F78EC7Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 44EBCA11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FE4E1024h
xor     eax, 0A0B2C72Dh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0E0E39A0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5864C430h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 68048FF4h
add     eax, 4918AEA5h
add     eax, 4061EF2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6592ADE0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E3370D14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 473BA3A0h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3831B115h
xor     eax, 0B90BA922h
add     eax, 62B79712h
not     eax
xor     eax, 884FBD62h
sub     eax, 6E4B49F5h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0B1C23F2Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A069733Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C6CCE392h
sub     eax, 2416ECEDh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 10737DE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2AE53331h
xor     eax, 3AB2A3D7h
sub     eax, 7A96593Eh
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F2E5C942h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B670B1C2h
xor     eax, 0B0DA9686h
xor     eax, 884AC2D3h
xor     eax, 0FB8D0E06h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E0D80B2Fh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 956E50D7h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 23346F84h
add     eax, 52F11E0Fh
add     eax, 24AADEF1h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 55AC71CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 299130FAh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CDA3A50Dh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0D28D6C49h
sub     eax, 8B825209h
sub     eax, 0A6279919h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B4E49C78h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 1525CF6Ah
xor     eax, 0D31CBC47h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 16F105EAh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0D18A8A93h
xor     eax, 1846B565h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC2AB777h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A116D1C6h
xor     eax, 8245CE35h
xor     eax, 0C5727910h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 7C69F4FCh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 9AB01F7Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 64E2E059h
add     eax, 37A6783Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 62B984CFh
xor     eax, 5CAF2279h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 9B5A73BFh
sub     eax, 74BF7A4Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 4F2F12C0h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 745A1BC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E1673020h
add     eax, 77B4B3E0h
xor     eax, 0E6749878h
xor     eax, 990551BEh
sub     eax, 256FCB14h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0EE05D098h
add     eax, 639A3B9Dh
xor     eax, 88600148h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0A4DF2E68h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 1C3D72E2h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 838467F8h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0D49761FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB7CE75Eh
xor     eax, 3EB6A768h
add     eax, 341F2078h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0B087DE66h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 73D4F2E2h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 3792C729h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 971B474Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0F497310Eh
xor     eax, 96AF71F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 8266FFE3h
add     eax, 70FF759Ch
xor     eax, 38DAE713h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C2AB962Fh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2091653Ch
xor     eax, 0B7C1A304h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0E9DAFD5Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AB981E14h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AA536485h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9E9694BFh
sub     eax, 36D654BFh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 7217A91Bh
add     eax, 3FC9BD3Ah
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 0D5CA508Bh
add     eax, 28833C30h
add     eax, 0E8CA9507h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 12790C69h
xor     eax, 399FC010h
sub     eax, 0A410F288h
sub     eax, 75323C1Dh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F4537755h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A68BA397h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0E2936A31h
not     eax
add     eax, 23D62CEDh
add     eax, 69D847E1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B45E5053h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F8FFF29Ah
xor     eax, 0D457BCC7h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FE00A145h
sub     eax, 88931397h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B7D5B197h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 4854F79Eh
add     eax, 1B0DE7CCh
sub     eax, 0B16D75F3h
sub     eax, 0EAC90BEDh
xor     eax, 1DDCF793h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 6306E232h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 43EB51BCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3C5FF21Dh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DF88B44Eh
sub     eax, 0D5821244h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EE1A3DD2h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F7AB5A3Eh
xor     eax, 5419E634h
add     eax, 97E6A78Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 3ED59E6Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6D973921h
xor     eax, 0D3B08DC5h
sub     eax, 417F7A9Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2CA10BC5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 99D56C90h
sub     eax, 5D08E2EEh
xor     eax, 0F3BEFDE1h
add     eax, 5A5A457Fh
add     eax, 0BB37BD6Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F894AD56h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3CC4B8D0h
sub     eax, 0FD4531B3h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0DD7C6CA1h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 90ADCB0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CF6BDB17h
xor     eax, 25F338B0h
sub     eax, 0D5EFE706h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 43DA4213h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 222B11F2h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 67BBBDB9h
xor     eax, 0D3D06840h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E948B0C8h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 30D52442h
add     eax, 0C83C0168h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 705938A0h
xor     eax, 0C1C8186Ah
sub     eax, 9E39CEC3h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 1A4091B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 86E276F1h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 6376541Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 1926EA1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 83FD01D1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F8ADF90Fh
sub     eax, 9DDBA916h
add     eax, 0D0527034h
xor     eax, 5836BFA1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B4EE2A0Ah
add     eax, 2AF2AFFAh
xor     eax, 0B64BE5D1h
xor     eax, 3CB540ABh
xor     eax, 0A5D5E799h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8D0DA78Ch
add     eax, 79190AF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 125B6EF7h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 341EC71Fh
sub     eax, 6DBA6A91h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 94BF80B9h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 5E53D513h
sub     eax, 24F50549h
add     eax, 1B9512AFh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0F72365CBh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4512B121h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 75F76E75h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 4F285B44h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 97BB602Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 78A1D16Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5993B4A0h
sub     eax, 0F53064C3h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 7685C8D0h
xor     eax, 0C28763A1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C2951458h
sub     eax, 8C1FAFC8h
add     eax, 0FADE106Ch
add     eax, 794E8B02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 4D24AD2Eh
add     eax, 7FE1154Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 86AD1BD1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EECB6AC9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 847249CBh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CF99759Bh
xor     eax, 0EFD5296Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B9286E78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FE4CBCA7h
sub     eax, 0D7ADF21Bh
sub     eax, 7069E1BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 831C0834h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0FC62F90Dh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0B43E307Bh
sub     eax, 0FD05C068h
add     eax, 0B79F8465h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8C12782Eh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0C42156FBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9F6C2E6Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 346279F4h
xor     eax, 951B80E1h
add     eax, 0C8D7415Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 797D0E9Dh
add     eax, 6FE80BDDh
sub     eax, 2B8EAD88h
sub     eax, 0B4BCC9B1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1F101941h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0B4C6FB48h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0D3917E30h
xor     eax, 0D21AC40Dh
sub     eax, 35C310D2h
add     eax, 0F9CCDF45h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 967B2B34h
add     eax, 0CB248DEEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D9F5AD9Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 176E3617h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 9CD77A6Fh
add     eax, 0FC866983h
sub     eax, 0BF14F087h
xor     eax, 0AA6BF622h
add     eax, 0F05B69D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 29F2FA1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0CAA3973Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 4797DAE8h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 4C6079D7h
add     eax, 8C3BA9C6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 39F0F9C1h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 70BFF412h
sub     eax, 0B626543Eh
sub     eax, 3901264Ch
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 94BC6380h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A0B90176h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 8DA8F3F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A9E59628h
add     eax, 805B9A55h
not     eax
xor     eax, 35C55374h
not     eax
add     eax, 0ADBF535Bh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 84DF6413h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DF638C39h
xor     eax, 0B36C651Fh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EAFB29ADh
sub     eax, 0A4BA0E07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 92A4EF3Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4B643E0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1E82C3D5h
add     eax, 1FBBDB31h
add     eax, 0A5AA8490h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 5DB3645Ah
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E5ECD083h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 35A65A23h
add     eax, 4023067Eh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 821F0819h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C238D620h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B9EAD7D0h
xor     eax, 2AEB34D4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 76D7301Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 94DE59FAh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 11BD5E4Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 55F29074h
add     eax, 0AB4B5B63h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E2933649h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 4DF4DD46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 70041743h
sub     eax, 8D0EC8A4h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2F3B38ECh
add     eax, 4586ACD9h
xor     eax, 826D027Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9CA5D7C1h
sub     eax, 7D6D6CE0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2F95C7D4h
xor     eax, 71AF94FCh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0FEC0E0E0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1CD9438Fh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 56FD172Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 681E43EAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 16E8BBE4h
xor     eax, 3C4B06A3h
xor     eax, 0F86CDB5Ah
sub     eax, 2568E827h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 3F68589Bh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A7C671E0h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 14FC08BAh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0C6753B5Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 39415D01h
add     eax, 740C149Ah
sub     eax, 0A04E48CAh
sub     eax, 7F73822Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0A2C23727h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 41C0B2E1h
sub     eax, 534CF5BAh
add     eax, 435295C2h
add     eax, 417E7843h
add     eax, 7A1DE770h
xor     eax, 259DD92Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0E0435B7Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B4611A02h
add     eax, 0D30E61B6h
sub     eax, 0E2DF100Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC503EDAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 22DBB6E0h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0AEBFB72Eh
sub     eax, 2EED971Dh
xor     eax, 3125AC24h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 2227F048h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0A3C34EC8h
sub     eax, 7220E3D7h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 3C9524A1h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6083FC96h
add     eax, 1BE452FAh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 217BDFF7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 69355710h
xor     eax, 0A60C49C5h
add     eax, 0E5DF6988h
add     eax, 0AF63A3D6h
add     eax, 0D944084Eh
sub     eax, 220B0EF9h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 77FD4A3Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0DB0E0FE2h
xor     eax, 0E69C9102h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FC93D748h
add     eax, 0FE4BEC4Ch
xor     eax, 0E713E8B9h
sub     eax, 0DD8D15BCh
add     eax, 2707328Eh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0E4424531h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 3C496588h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 4F0A97E5h
xor     eax, 11F3791Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 6EBD4FBCh
xor     eax, 1943CD59h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 380BD417h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 16843341h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 40896F4Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DCCA4DF3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BFC2C2D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1BD06655h
add     eax, 644C3A0Ah
sub     eax, 4B3B6F62h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0E62E0989h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 820DF182h
sub     eax, 1129EE4Ch
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 9A96B4DDh
add     eax, 202639ADh
add     eax, 0FCAECD38h
add     eax, 8B764E82h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 85EAD2D9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0C29168E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 1FB04350h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B5F12253h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B4CC5B3Dh
add     eax, 0C5D82C1Dh
sub     eax, 0DB7C942Fh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 2BCF1F5Eh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2E7D0793h
xor     eax, 4A733BE9h
sub     eax, 0C210C33Eh
xor     eax, 0B3DF1E08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8CD7D36Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 31DB03C1h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2851C1D2h
add     eax, 0FC933165h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D8CF5E59h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 72F1BA78h
add     eax, 36392D7Bh
sub     eax, 0EB602E89h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1478B914h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E1061939h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4873781Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0D45700CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BEEC36C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A5EE63CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6536F0ACh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D89169C7h
xor     eax, 0E28A1B27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D9710162h
xor     eax, 72E95D60h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 5400ED94h
xor     eax, 2EAF9298h
xor     eax, 0B3BC1A51h
xor     eax, 0C34AB1AAh
sub     eax, 713D9083h
add     eax, 0D24EAAC7h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0BA16E64Eh
xor     eax, 1758C7E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0F2587B71h
add     eax, 65DEE6DFh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0CE4242A6h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0AE70F8D7h
add     eax, 5C9723E4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0DAF7D234h
add     eax, 81B81161h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 7F6C76ABh
add     eax, 0A224FB53h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 6F7FFA62h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 9BF85FE3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 7EBA9B24h
xor     eax, 0A9007B71h
sub     eax, 0B744EBA3h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AC9C81AFh
sub     eax, 0FB493F40h
xor     eax, 55C499B4h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 300E8FE5h
add     eax, 8AF0AB25h
add     eax, 0F8010087h
xor     eax, 0F38D5AF4h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0C96248A2h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 5F819EEFh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 23F92B5Ah
sub     eax, 0BB6504BCh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A6F8F1A9h
sub     eax, 7726DF09h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 39C889FCh
sub     eax, 4F6C6743h
xor     eax, 54ECB731h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F77BBA3Ah
xor     eax, 67E576A4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2C32E191h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0D63E8E5Ah
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 632BCE8Eh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9A7A6E2Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EDFE681Fh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0ED3CA00Ah
sub     eax, 0F5C6D514h
not     eax
sub     eax, 500B5EC7h
sub     eax, 99D9D6BBh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9CEA891Ch
xor     eax, 0F0BDC2D5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D702BBACh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 8AABE283h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0D6523A7Bh
xor     eax, 7F40BCAAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E830652Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0DB6B49B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0F4225B00h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 2E9B9524h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 6C050447h
add     eax, 2B7C0199h
sub     eax, 42DC8427h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 8BD3666Eh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 791C2B1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8FF31838h
sub     eax, 89BD672Eh
xor     eax, 178CD114h
sub     eax, 5EE66BCBh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0A54C784Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 914C9E13h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 9388FABEh
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 23170297h
sub     eax, 0B52FD27Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 739A47C4h
add     eax, 0DD4F7099h
sub     eax, 0F4B4027Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 70BDB952h
xor     eax, 85678419h
sub     eax, 23B733A1h
xor     eax, 3ED2A3AFh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D90485B4h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 4583783Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 6CC95043h
add     eax, 6089285Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D670A1C5h
sub     eax, 8CFDE4BBh
add     eax, 7E148B09h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 18EC392Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 570FA4FDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 5AA324F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 55D88BB5h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 25897BE9h
sub     eax, 51F0C11Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 1251BFCEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 295EBCDCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 777F1661h
add     eax, 0E6CC6B99h
sub     eax, 52FE0347h
not     eax
xor     eax, 14D66D37h
sub     eax, 101C38A6h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 3D908423h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4B68AD78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 1DB27FABh
sub     eax, 6B545130h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 672F85ECh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 2335DA1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 7149ABE9h
xor     eax, 66D48547h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 112AE015h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 93536055h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 8777EB0Ah
add     eax, 9FA4CB25h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 690BDC9Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FB593F91h
sub     eax, 8818431Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 2E69121Ah
add     eax, 0F31D435Fh
add     eax, 18525BD2h
add     eax, 0EC8F7CDFh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 34B9DA5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B71A5868h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F8E2B1EEh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9304A134h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 9243A3C4h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0C7E5AEE3h
sub     eax, 0E694BE8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0FA3D8A7Eh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A0DF9AF1h
add     eax, 0ACC18F5Dh
xor     eax, 37138AA7h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 438E9785h
not     eax
add     eax, 3FA19AACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 74C86E74h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8DAAF1F4h
add     eax, 552B3178h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D74C3ED4h
xor     eax, 684454C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A159299Ah
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0AA4501B7h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0BC029DC2h
xor     eax, 5BDB8F03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0BE3712ADh
xor     eax, 66709AC0h
not     eax
add     eax, 58C972D4h
sub     eax, 0A7A43384h
xor     eax, 1DE797CAh
add     eax, 0E28CA7BFh
add     eax, 7764BB7Eh
xor     eax, 818F2633h
xor     eax, 5F6A493Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8E76D24Bh
xor     eax, 0C176A3A6h
sub     eax, 36BE2FF4h
sub     eax, 15192D47h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
sub     eax, 2757E43Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 63EA43A6h
not     eax
sub     eax, 88F60D65h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 6D8128ABh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F82ED4F6h
sub     eax, 0C79F7F04h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 6B22AFD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 52852324h
xor     eax, 0B248B3F4h
xor     eax, 0A23C68ABh
sub     eax, 4411A374h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 2085B9BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7CC8F237h
sub     eax, 7DB1D2DCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F1E01454h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3C6DF0C8h
sub     eax, 81B6EB51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 37C960ADh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 337B97A1h
sub     eax, 9BAE808Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E1DFB5E9h
xor     eax, 98F218CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 93343E21h
add     eax, 0F2A9D1C1h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 5075CD8Ch
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3620AD4Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 8F12E652h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 88E77F95h
xor     eax, 1A1EAFD8h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 60B72C05h
sub     eax, 71B2B274h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F018727Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0F679258Fh
xor     eax, 0FB000B7Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5A826508h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D328C4C5h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 96EA0C01h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 4EA2B090h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 88E6CDC3h
add     eax, 0DD1D5A2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 91AEF044h
add     eax, 50CCEC7Eh
xor     eax, 0E0D0E4D4h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ECA581A5h
sub     eax, 7409BC35h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E288ADC4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 27F7EE3Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 4B993CBEh
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F6B3AF73h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C9218C41h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 60A15C62h
add     eax, 58DBBAB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B4999ECAh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6B2B2EA2h
xor     eax, 814E0DD5h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 8126F388h
add     eax, 0DF9F845Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2BC2D18Eh
sub     eax, 8C2E1877h
add     eax, 2FF8C18Dh
sub     eax, 4B558B8Bh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 2066DB1Fh
sub     eax, 4828D10Ch
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0F9090FBCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 617E7BF3h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7FD6E3EDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 54A39A0Ah
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 279A18B0h
sub     eax, 4CECD2AFh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 33D0C0A4h
add     eax, 26B57388h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 7A6908FCh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 7D87A69Ch
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 91079752h
add     eax, 3D5E31AFh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0B7E3324Eh
xor     eax, 6F3420B7h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 7F103B43h
xor     eax, 0D602FBF1h
sub     eax, 0F12C4787h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0D2543D51h
xor     eax, 89E31036h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3F599B1Fh
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 65080873h
add     eax, 31914201h
sub     eax, 0F80AF2E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 715B28DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0AF48B3B5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5F82607Fh
xor     eax, 0F7143BDBh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 448292B3h
add     eax, 20734B0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 594D1A20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E60C649Bh
xor     eax, 4B3EA8E4h
xor     eax, 236E0473h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 5509659Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CD4E4D33h
add     eax, 20020676h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 6A5D7D51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C6449851h
xor     eax, 15E8F0F9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A0404385h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AED9D41Eh
xor     eax, 748A6358h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BB1C3D7Dh
sub     eax, 0E81E9C4Ch
xor     eax, 47DCDBAEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0B2A5133Ch
sub     eax, 0D3AF1D8Ch
sub     eax, 0D723DA35h
xor     eax, 8CDA7F21h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0BC817CC8h
add     eax, 4931C28Bh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0E5BCACE3h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3B3C2E77h
add     eax, 898501D5h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 8BA94358h
add     eax, 0E746D121h
add     eax, 463F26A2h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 510B3E21h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 7F4D3FFCh
xor     eax, 0C11216AEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7201E59Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 66950785h
xor     eax, 0A9C104D3h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AB6F596Ah
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 7E92916Ah
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C1A5F749h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4B662FA1h
sub     eax, 167826EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DE5D75F8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9F068918h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0B2DD3F02h
sub     eax, 747B23FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 1B5DA1D0h
add     eax, 0D463CF3Fh
xor     eax, 131EF381h
xor     eax, 47F02734h
sub     eax, 54BA66D3h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 41B3D00Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8AEAB9F6h
add     eax, 13A1499Ch
xor     eax, 612EBF2Ah
add     eax, 0C1BB9F9Dh
add     eax, 9EFED034h
xor     eax, 0B39D9D61h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0E2F409B6h
add     eax, 58CF39C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0A9385B23h
xor     eax, 0BD02DFDDh
add     eax, 8DF4B7B0h
sub     eax, 0CD9079C4h
add     eax, 0B145A243h
add     eax, 0D210167Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 170E8EEBh
xor     eax, 2E81769Bh
sub     eax, 0F1AACEE4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 764E7684h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0DB06871Bh
sub     eax, 11AB5A9Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 412E0FABh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 554D7CCDh
xor     eax, 94A6F08Fh
sub     eax, 0D366C970h
add     eax, 890AFD98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6E88E99Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E920FAFCh
add     eax, 0BE7B9B8Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B78FD255h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0D25A393Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CA65CB05h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 661B8A96h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 771AAE86h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 152D949Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 289FD973h
sub     eax, 0B26EFD32h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1F5DA3DEh
sub     eax, 0B153F3AFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E9216F77h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8302CB47h
xor     eax, 1C07F8EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E33718DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB80E8C3h
add     eax, 15A87B70h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B469A3E0h
sub     eax, 4ADCF480h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 9CB620D9h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 879DD165h
add     eax, 75F6EF44h
xor     eax, 7EE51417h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 2F09CBF0h
xor     eax, 0A187E20Eh
xor     eax, 5309BDECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BCB80667h
xor     eax, 40F1C473h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F121BA91h
xor     eax, 6E9CA4D6h
add     eax, 9E93E30Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 10174E95h
xor     eax, 4E5F2165h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 6CBEAB60h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 778597C1h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 9400089Eh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 6C0B5564h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AF8E5BFDh
add     eax, 903E42D8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 89FCF636h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FE7D372Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BD9B415Dh
sub     eax, 0DD30B4CBh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CD013A56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0B7E83571h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 599824FFh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1C0FECAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6054DCFBh
xor     eax, 1D456125h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0ADEA2C84h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0DD9BB17Bh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0F5BAC816h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 94C83BA1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1ABDE260h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A055D039h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 42CD286Ah
xor     eax, 21D88801h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B9AF229Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4C5A7967h
xor     eax, 358C26BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 549B832Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6309E12Ch
sub     eax, 1DCADBCDh
add     eax, 497CC14Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E4518914h
sub     eax, 1AF297A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C2A45DABh
add     eax, 224D4047h
add     eax, 7BA3D591h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 7C80BAFAh
sub     eax, 3DFD3BEFh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 910C5356h
sub     eax, 0E69DB4B0h
add     eax, 6C45400Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 1BAC5EAAh
sub     eax, 5161B761h
sub     eax, 1B0DE63Ah
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0E6C2D15Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0FE6DB799h
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 3EF54FFEh
sub     eax, 95FB33A0h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0AC5D9AFDh
sub     eax, 14D91045h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 93104F12h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7CEA00D4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E7CE3DFh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AE35E6ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 77B930EFh
add     eax, 218E0CC1h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 2CBBDDC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 64625517h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0EBA740B5h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0F62AC109h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 6283D3AFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 5CF20553h
add     eax, 6CDB7534h
xor     eax, 9EEEAC61h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 93EEAE48h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 5D3956C0h
xor     eax, 0F2784DBFh
add     eax, 970A7217h
add     eax, 0C906B4F9h
add     eax, 74D613B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 414AAB1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7C4DEA93h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B92B8CBFh
not     eax
add     eax, 1354E1FBh
add     eax, 81854F38h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 4189498Fh
sub     eax, 0E73EDCB3h
sub     eax, 0DEB42FB5h
add     eax, 7B0FD31Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B7200556h
xor     eax, 28F707F7h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0CE437E74h
xor     eax, 87B77817h
xor     eax, 90957718h
sub     eax, 4DCFB030h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B5A7C67Ch
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0A736FF6Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C74A23F7h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 166A2F1Fh
sub     eax, 8ECB77A2h
xor     eax, 80325E97h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 673D6CCCh
add     eax, 9639EAEEh
xor     eax, 127B5CF9h
add     eax, 0FB7B330Bh
add     eax, 0BF0F435Dh
xor     eax, 1C75DA1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FA61D9B3h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 965CC620h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3176474Eh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 5009E477h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0A220C812h
xor     eax, 3584D820h
sub     eax, 4EAF1CB6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8DF1AC09h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F553BB95h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E747C3FDh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 3350C675h
add     eax, 7A7A4C87h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 2FA00157h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0D9C640D1h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 79314678h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 9C27B82Fh
add     eax, 0A40F5FE5h
sub     eax, 72A22D9Ah
add     eax, 0A80F03FEh
xor     eax, 9366CF7Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EF4E9F26h
add     eax, 0DCC0B654h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4DAE9A78h
xor     eax, 0DF1CE877h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5BF70310h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BEFC5BFAh
add     eax, 0DA13A4D2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4D138DC4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 8AB0DF4Dh
add     eax, 60E89AD9h
sub     eax, 7C5AE865h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0BC7EE793h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 6CA77613h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 68D77476h
sub     eax, 2E239B86h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1B16E020h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0CFCE1511h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 55FF9284h
add     eax, 4F8C4C38h
add     eax, 40B53575h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EFB4F4BEh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0DBAA5DE3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6917AB2Ah
xor     eax, 0A834593Ch
xor     eax, 62EACDE9h
sub     eax, 0A1FE8F98h
xor     eax, 3191FF81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EE58B4C3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0F23A6E37h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A1C50CBCh
xor     eax, 0B1D99F08h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 785B6B7Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0D72F9180h
xor     eax, 3E273ADAh
add     eax, 96E7FE8Ch
sub     eax, 9DE8F665h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 46BF7453h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 7D4CA305h
sub     eax, 311436D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 39FD819Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1FF1D875h
add     eax, 70A7E48Dh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 3F146E08h
xor     eax, 35649EFBh
add     eax, 0C6EB7262h
xor     eax, 0FDEFAF3Fh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0DEA40794h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0F4970479h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5937C024h
sub     eax, 0FAA832CFh
add     eax, 9121B136h
sub     eax, 0DE2BA2EDh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D27BB4E7h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0D82C0226h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F9B7EDA0h
add     eax, 0E234ECF4h
sub     eax, 8BE3BD6Ah
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 3D36E9DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 2212D36Ah
xor     eax, 61F1C334h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 5BA93E29h
sub     eax, 8283E96Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0FB790C1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 82EF54D0h
sub     eax, 986DB487h
sub     eax, 1050FE55h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A3635BE8h
add     eax, 0CDD5041Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 9ABD96A8h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0F51D79ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2057D7A2h
xor     eax, 691999F4h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 33A11E35h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DC25404Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DEC2A3C3h
xor     eax, 5C7DFB81h
add     eax, 32CAE215h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6ECF360Eh
sub     eax, 66BB6245h
sub     eax, 0FE9C7584h
xor     eax, 3DB28D99h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0FA9116C9h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5C30968Bh
add     eax, 2DD82B5Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4140D54Ah
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 478DD87Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 9328EDEEh
sub     eax, 7BDECBC5h
add     eax, 704C5E8Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0E4B6C2CBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7F42F255h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0C8A0D026h
sub     eax, 5E94530Dh
add     eax, 7CE57B0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 894399C3h
sub     eax, 0CB1A2788h
sub     eax, 0AA268544h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 697FDD4Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B5F8308Dh
xor     eax, 2D6FA288h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 22C95A9Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 73E81DD8h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0BB3E6E45h
xor     eax, 58A85AF3h
sub     eax, 46EE4F5Ch
xor     eax, 0AE03A764h
sub     eax, 0AE770403h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 24A8A1DFh
xor     eax, 2168076Bh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 628B51E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 24167EA2h
xor     eax, 0D679270Ah
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 62FC5D0Bh
sub     eax, 7949C6D1h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0C036DF45h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5DDC2EDFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F12B2D25h
xor     eax, 0A1CC5FF5h
add     eax, 0F3E91DA0h
xor     eax, 6FA4115Fh
xor     eax, 0CC852455h
xor     eax, 0F8821421h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 162CD94Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0F913D9EFh
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 718DB4EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B01946C8h
add     eax, 0A07FEE38h
xor     eax, 0FEF855D9h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 106A8EF9h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0AD470734h
xor     eax, 4F7C8358h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0ECFE2982h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0A9A38879h
not     eax
add     eax, 410DB9A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BA291F5Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 9D7F3305h
sub     eax, 43702914h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0B1991C85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2EAFADA2h
sub     eax, 0AEDBD953h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3B3D8AD6h
xor     eax, 692B92D6h
xor     eax, 0E7484C10h
xor     eax, 21A27D76h
xor     eax, 5255CF79h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C1E50DE6h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 3006BFEFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C2AF9E45h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DAB1259Eh
add     eax, 8F78EF1Fh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 29EDB853h
xor     eax, 0FBE6DFE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7F01A785h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 6462C0F4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 523FF0DAh
sub     eax, 1B66E33Ch
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0B8FB11EBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 8A8FD897h
sub     eax, 0CDBA8E80h
xor     eax, 0D76A4811h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4C052B12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 692C8E3Dh
add     eax, 0AAC567B0h
xor     eax, 611DCC89h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 4696A221h
sub     eax, 2B367D1Ah
sub     eax, 19183DE6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 655DC2D6h
xor     eax, 957335BCh
add     eax, 0ECB3EE35h
add     eax, 0DB43E59Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D8472E58h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 6C0D5EA7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 3B7622C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9FF1773Dh
add     eax, 0B797896Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C975FC02h
xor     eax, 0B36770F4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C5B44DAFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C0E5DF0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0BF4E88D6h
add     eax, 10AEC099h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 17882AB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4C36D423h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0C45AB243h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 72979D8Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 6E212D9Ch
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AD5F240Eh
add     eax, 1AD41973h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 56362C28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EF4952FFh
sub     eax, 94BAEA3Fh
add     eax, 2BFD0811h
not     eax
add     eax, 5EF5F072h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 72EF6059h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 4ABC04B7h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0EDD4BF94h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B0A241D9h
add     eax, 65F4BDD6h
xor     eax, 8F45E1FCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9E027CE1h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 70CC3018h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 8AB3D6F4h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0E6AE33A6h
add     eax, 4974C0DAh
add     eax, 0E19459F7h
sub     eax, 74A1074Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 34899206h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 491C501Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 65064CCDh
add     eax, 533062D3h
sub     eax, 596C1AE1h
not     eax
add     eax, 9A09D56Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FCBDD296h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0EC820B24h
add     eax, 27CA4AB4h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0CA8B1F0Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 2FD3589Ah
sub     eax, 0E3A9466Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 945F18A7h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 44598257h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1412ED58h
xor     eax, 1D39E3DDh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 712CE8A4h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 563BE9A9h
xor     eax, 17CE4A61h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0C725796Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0B4CCE8F1h
add     eax, 6E26DFCCh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 48943E4Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 8C965F56h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F0360B9Fh
xor     eax, 0C14F6476h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0A0BBF8EDh
sub     eax, 0ED010788h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 1B24DDBEh
sub     eax, 949C6D8Ch
add     eax, 10C4EF4Ch
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 702518C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8CBAD800h
sub     eax, 2F806FABh
sub     eax, 0CDF5F1CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 356F9F40h
xor     eax, 17932FA8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6BDBD8C2h
xor     eax, 0B643FCFCh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2C67C9D9h
sub     eax, 0B9249C46h
add     eax, 64487BF9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 46556495h
not     eax
add     eax, 3207FBC5h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A72D9970h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 231A6CDAh
xor     eax, 2D77C2B6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 723484B8h
add     eax, 0FF0A5E09h
xor     eax, 2BB6C43Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 12530827h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 7F041D59h
add     eax, 0B7809466h
not     eax
sub     eax, 703CAA6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8AD4579Fh
add     eax, 2AEF5DB6h
add     eax, 27D4FE59h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 46E74794h
add     eax, 8924F688h
sub     eax, 0D2F9E194h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 2293DCCDh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0A40B2079h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0E3352539h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A645BFBFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D6D9BC00h
xor     eax, 592109CAh
sub     eax, 83EDECC0h
add     eax, 66A239D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D5458200h
add     eax, 0C0AD22D4h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CCACA386h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A630FD11h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 2A9C8838h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 64A426CCh
sub     eax, 1A875A27h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 91097ABCh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 88375B9Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 1E1F5D17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0B5F0454Ch
sub     eax, 25FA2D2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 5429BE32h
sub     eax, 0E2177511h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 70BDCE70h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 7E467B8Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 3A1A38DCh
xor     eax, 5FDD8C70h
xor     eax, 7A0F3E66h
add     eax, 20177CF6h
sub     eax, 0F2700750h
add     eax, 0A106AC5Bh
xor     eax, 3BC7C82Eh
xor     eax, 9FBDDD4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AA7B990Ah
xor     eax, 5BED0ED9h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0FAD35182h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 3938D10Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0E78CD956h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 4B81437Bh
add     eax, 0A65DBB95h
sub     eax, 7259E1F9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 7C424EC6h
add     eax, 758B8645h
sub     eax, 17FD9115h
add     eax, 0C22A7B32h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2BCF82ADh
not     eax
add     eax, 5786F355h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0F954C085h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 2E6A8B2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ACCAB727h
xor     eax, 0B8759622h
add     eax, 0E5017A1Fh
add     eax, 893EC84Bh
add     eax, 0B59D295Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4373A079h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 6ED188EFh
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 2BA0E3B9h
sub     eax, 5AE53AB1h
xor     eax, 9E11BAF2h
sub     eax, 3C4917B2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 45078FA3h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 122A11F4h
xor     eax, 0A60E79C2h
sub     eax, 82215561h
not     eax
add     eax, 42B60EDAh
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 363C2F39h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C597D617h
add     eax, 33622D8Bh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 6AA17E7Ah
xor     eax, 0CCFDF86Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E79B1C35h
add     eax, 151FED6Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0C7F424BAh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0C30F4985h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 5AAFF0B1h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 5D300F9Dh
xor     eax, 0DCF405ADh
not     eax
add     eax, 0AA94F92Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 3917808Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 7A72E91Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E3692A55h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B96E9B4Eh
sub     eax, 6091BACAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7B3C0092h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8CAA032Fh
xor     eax, 0B528B50Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 79CA2780h
sub     eax, 808DDB23h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 372E6051h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 52B4C66Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0F1D41146h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 802102ABh
sub     eax, 2496D209h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0B7FACD06h
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 82F3AB11h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 86A7A962h
sub     eax, 1747F121h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0C3779940h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0ED9065F3h
sub     eax, 377EBCA2h
add     eax, 190E312Eh
add     eax, 36860B9Ah
sub     eax, 0EC5FA2DDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0E5775425h
xor     eax, 8FD40442h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 2EDDDF67h
sub     eax, 12344522h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 7A006C96h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 79A9C32Fh
add     eax, 639C9C5Ah
sub     eax, 0F6B22851h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 66C31126h
sub     eax, 27A26C4Fh
xor     eax, 8EE9A067h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 1DCCA1AFh
xor     eax, 0BDA3D518h
add     eax, 0F1EF802Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F4B76786h
sub     eax, 1B3F08A2h
add     eax, 31374FB7h
add     eax, 0E1140977h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 831BFA9Eh
add     eax, 5031B99Bh
sub     eax, 0CCCF45BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 62EF388Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 29D75F75h
sub     eax, 0F90BD166h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 79CB7CE9h
xor     eax, 0A942CE2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 18A27C35h
add     eax, 0FCB8EF64h
add     eax, 0EB23C202h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0A14DA9EBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BAFC0A5Eh
sub     eax, 9DF183ABh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B35A3042h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EB742299h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9838FA74h
sub     eax, 5E7BE0EBh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3CE474FBh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C2611C2Dh
add     eax, 8F13FD64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 84F87611h
sub     eax, 64BC72F6h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A06AA31Ah
xor     eax, 0AB7CF505h
xor     eax, 9010876Eh
xor     eax, 0C366265Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B9DB0113h
add     eax, 94FC0024h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 88BDB195h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E3A266F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 1BA89F5Dh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 8E16AAFEh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0A71315DFh
sub     eax, 1F51EF3Eh
sub     eax, 0B5D27AC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0D63E70E8h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0C9DAFFB7h
xor     eax, 4EDD65DDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 2798D6A5h
xor     eax, 45025C21h
xor     eax, 4647B43Bh
sub     eax, 53410C17h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 993E87A2h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 19E93E8Bh
xor     eax, 4BB8F39Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 8FD300A7h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EF80B137h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A58204D5h
add     eax, 61E20811h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 34A24280h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0DF09289Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 951F873Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4F0CF460h
add     eax, 1140341Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2BD40A5Fh
sub     eax, 0C43766CFh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 2D0F4A94h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 6615B7ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FD9549BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4DD8F06Fh
sub     eax, 0ECDDBEC7h
sub     eax, 79EE3A2Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4416B448h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0CF484E5Dh
sub     eax, 183F2928h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 40DA2C00h
xor     eax, 63B569B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D119FD6Eh
xor     eax, 63BD3CFCh
add     eax, 8908E947h
xor     eax, 169D158Ah
sub     eax, 6ABD8086h
xor     eax, 70D8A999h
xor     eax, 0A5B9EC0Fh
xor     eax, 0B501D923h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8ECC5A4Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0AD3676ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 8B748A54h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 60046116h
xor     eax, 35BE1D00h
xor     eax, 0EDACC9DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B3D771CEh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 866D80DEh
xor     eax, 9A4489B5h
add     eax, 8221C819h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0EB3BF2FAh
sub     eax, 62FFB877h
sub     eax, 0FADEF8DFh
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E1D449C8h
xor     eax, 0D91DC69Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3B23BBA4h
add     eax, 8C080AC4h
sub     eax, 3119F563h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E4485C6Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AA43BC19h
sub     eax, 48B5A421h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 81E6F030h
add     eax, 144C0F97h
add     eax, 0DB3E0F21h
xor     eax, 40F5DFF9h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0C0066D01h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0A77F0461h
xor     eax, 0BFD9136Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B419928Ch
sub     eax, 8CE92CFEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 295AA336h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8BE1E8CEh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2B87B2ABh
xor     eax, 2A0484DAh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 49BC015Ah
xor     eax, 45234947h
xor     eax, 2F602CA2h
add     eax, 0BFE7F2E9h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 832297F9h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0A213963Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 46F7BB01h
add     eax, 45A55957h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 1A0FB829h
add     eax, 41A09EEAh
sub     eax, 18571BF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0E6FDF8DEh
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0B5F5E0A8h
xor     eax, 0AC4B8264h
xor     eax, 5C6856C4h
sub     eax, 0C0FAE709h
add     eax, 89D956BBh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 825AF2EDh
sub     eax, 8DD7E20Eh
add     eax, 3F062B36h
sub     eax, 7C6867EAh
add     eax, 3767922Eh
add     eax, 4A3D96FEh
add     eax, 9D2B81F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 728A1F91h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0CB079CB0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6C6B03E1h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AD9CC69Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 459D14FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 899E2A95h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 436C6701h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 5A9BCD91h
add     eax, 346F1189h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E00B3F78h
sub     eax, 35CCCD37h
add     eax, 0EACF81AAh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 2DB9081Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 46FBFDA8h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5E600963h
add     eax, 971AD243h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0FF896E07h
xor     eax, 0A074B159h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8DB8B79Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B63F405Fh
add     eax, 2656C32Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 6AB5DE54h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 889854A9h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 805B8CEDh
add     eax, 148FB513h
xor     eax, 0E61D7CD6h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 139EF9CFh
sub     eax, 2BB9326Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E55B3705h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 41C8EBE0h
sub     eax, 0E21E2C9Ch
sub     eax, 0F4839D50h
xor     eax, 0B93C0E73h
sub     eax, 13D4E381h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F3A7D5B4h
xor     eax, 0A1756D50h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C823F43Ch
sub     eax, 0F36C0BE2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8B0C747Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 60E2C840h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 9AE61354h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0FF58869Fh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 807754B2h
xor     eax, 6091D7F5h
xor     eax, 34E6414Fh
xor     eax, 6D1DA6FEh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 358C4DC0h
add     eax, 87A10642h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 34D92F45h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0A9A279D7h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 8BF3FB35h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 4D971FF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0C716D2EDh
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0C2EDB934h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BCD777B1h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 707F74F2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 758F2ED4h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 95BFC930h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 2CE7D4C3h
xor     eax, 0F4166751h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0ECEC4277h
add     eax, 73ADACF1h
xor     eax, 285C0C4Eh
add     eax, 65BE61C7h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0F2E02D97h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0E730C908h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0CA275562h
add     eax, 0FC7641DDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 549DB9F1h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0EEFE6E2Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 4D47BC64h
add     eax, 6ABDCC22h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 25F8C9C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E550F312h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 9788B685h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A6D8FAB6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A88F81E7h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0C7FF94F2h
xor     eax, 0D9DD93C8h
not     eax
add     eax, 0ADEA3A6Eh
add     eax, 512037D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 72C8BAE5h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0D2BD4A26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F0657109h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 20D329E2h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0B5BD7D12h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E9E684CFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 71066D15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C8ED10C8h
add     eax, 5835D977h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 71AA4BBCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0CF24392Ah
xor     eax, 0C32E254Ch
xor     eax, 0D6AC4C85h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 89CA0CD5h
sub     eax, 675E3AD2h
sub     eax, 12905550h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0AD255184h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 1433A376h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 5540B432h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 35FB4B98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6FC3026Ah
sub     eax, 163A27A1h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0D4E1C2FBh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 78549D88h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0C626FBF1h
xor     eax, 4187204Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7A297C6Fh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 4756C1A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 52744224h
add     eax, 15C1BD45h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 2977A1F0h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5C0B6278h
add     eax, 0EFDD3EFBh
xor     eax, 7648239Ch
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 735A902Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DCDAC2E3h
sub     eax, 458AA81Fh
sub     eax, 0C72C847Eh
sub     eax, 29B79190h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1B5C1ADFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A4D147ADh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 21B95E42h
sub     eax, 289FCBDAh
sub     eax, 0A8CDD73Fh
xor     eax, 0DAD4BF92h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D99CF3E7h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 23F42DC9h
xor     eax, 9B1E9A80h
sub     eax, 0C54BD932h
sub     eax, 0D080341Fh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 7CEAD48Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C53B3747h
sub     eax, 65886CD4h
sub     eax, 62A8634Eh
xor     eax, 9CC68DFFh
not     eax
add     eax, 15DFFC7Fh
xor     eax, 8FD64CB5h
add     eax, 0BB1C833Bh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E1F12EF7h
sub     eax, 0A0FA4DD4h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ECFDA11Ah
sub     eax, 0D53A136Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 2FD3BD88h
add     eax, 0F75F45D2h
not     eax
add     eax, 9B98F9FBh
sub     eax, 0F4C3D058h
add     eax, 0D616A908h
add     eax, 960CC38Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0A6E0561Bh
sub     eax, 5884F688h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 22D5C65Dh
xor     eax, 1F4862E7h
xor     eax, 57B05E4Ah
sub     eax, 882FFC15h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FF661918h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0E26D7873h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 618658C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 91192375h
add     eax, 1C6DC396h
sub     eax, 0AA2F51E1h
add     eax, 58C30441h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 9420D86Eh
add     eax, 0F60A666Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AD346A32h
add     eax, 74B08F19h
xor     eax, 0B4124C9Ch
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 2810EE45h
xor     eax, 0D09527A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 190DAFC7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6A1B59BAh
add     eax, 42B2705Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 831C1A8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C54F07B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0E8C444F9h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA63A857h
xor     eax, 0CDC2904Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0F053A6E4h
sub     eax, 0D5DC8C2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 3F4F4D82h
sub     eax, 0A9F00661h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 12D1DA93h
xor     eax, 0E49380F0h
add     eax, 7898B6E0h
xor     eax, 0FF6AF969h
xor     eax, 8661F4C4h
add     eax, 77FB368Bh
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
add     eax, 139AB216h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C4C5DEFDh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 1448E654h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 4E153D0Fh
xor     eax, 0AEC10427h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DAECA94Ch
xor     eax, 0B9E7C29Bh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 4B31E4BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 98E05299h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0AD145447h
xor     eax, 33FD0E39h
sub     eax, 0AD973324h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 4266AFE7h
xor     eax, 6AAF7460h
add     eax, 5F8F4458h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 4E57D9FCh
add     eax, 642D9D8Ch
sub     eax, 0BF56D574h
xor     eax, 0E8BFB134h
sub     eax, 9C90E27Fh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D3496212h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C70CB80Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F15680E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 2F0F24B0h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0F131A5C1h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 341510B0h
xor     eax, 4F3068DFh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8B5E1379h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 95DF3343h
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5ECA1827h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0D06245B0h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 192E2233h
xor     eax, 0B95D8657h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6096034Eh
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 12325E51h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 194F1903h
add     eax, 0C20B91B8h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0B71A86EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4E4645B0h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E6D88359h
add     eax, 20687279h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8C588F1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0BE5028A0h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 65AC4926h
add     eax, 3165058Bh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 28E28E2Ch
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A0670929h
sub     eax, 0BB212837h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0D1EED3C5h
add     eax, 9D9BACD8h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 9639DB4Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 72EFD902h
add     eax, 2EBD95DAh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
add     eax, 0E1DACFE9h
sub     eax, 0CEF58CCBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F6A71CA9h
xor     eax, 0F64B5AABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EE4435C2h
sub     eax, 50D609DEh
sub     eax, 830FC7EEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 4509C8A2h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A54E967Dh
sub     eax, 0D5D8C30Eh
xor     eax, 1CD0043Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3BE69B56h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A0396604h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B1B8A34Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 1A41E606h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EC6E8E99h
sub     eax, 0E7A4B7FCh
xor     eax, 98CC8052h
sub     eax, 2B70112Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0F416CECCh
xor     eax, 576FF30Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 14FCC832h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0BB2DB110h
not     eax
xor     eax, 94BCF1B9h
add     eax, 12D75D3Eh
add     eax, 0A1531B5Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B9DBEC48h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 700D3B2Fh
sub     eax, 0E223F0A2h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 2D5C969Ah
add     eax, 47BE82AAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5610E624h
xor     eax, 7E68DDFFh
sub     eax, 782BEB11h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 32D357F6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3406408Eh
add     eax, 0A6533A8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0F33E47ECh
sub     eax, 0BABCCE45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F36117E4h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 40CD7125h
add     eax, 906CD09Ah
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0CB1C81C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0D16C2ED3h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0EC1ABD2Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3A9B5B6Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B86902BBh
xor     eax, 4761F510h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7ECC4811h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 2943514Ch
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 3614F13Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 106AD9E4h
sub     eax, 0B6DBCE3Dh
sub     eax, 8DC8D435h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 7F761283h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0E67A78E4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 660E7A00h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FA43630Ch
add     eax, 7ADECC41h
xor     eax, 8FEF75BCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 2E46FAC5h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 19C43C4Ch
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7CE594A0h
xor     eax, 277AD735h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BB865885h
xor     eax, 6ABADD04h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 84AD945Fh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F128BEA1h
add     eax, 0FBCA30E7h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 879F19C2h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0F2134D75h
sub     eax, 0E76CCB54h
add     eax, 0ABE30CA4h
xor     eax, 2F73AE86h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CD8CE201h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F40D1AADh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 650150A1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A6BEE286h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 88EFE377h
sub     eax, 709066A7h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0A99AEFCCh
xor     eax, 0DDCF9D79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0BE80D62Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 940767FCh
xor     eax, 0AC3D0619h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 71B26AADh
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 65ECB3E9h
sub     eax, 0BBFE5106h
sub     eax, 9C5A7B7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 5BBD68AAh
add     eax, 4105A934h
xor     eax, 398E4A2Fh
sub     eax, 971B48FDh
add     eax, 0A9E1C107h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3BADB8E1h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 2F6AB66Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A8183405h
sub     eax, 79FB585Bh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0F1593060h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 2124E829h
add     eax, 0A6B300DDh
add     eax, 0A812E1A5h
sub     eax, 0F816338Bh
sub     eax, 88017A04h
sub     eax, 0AA125866h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 1E7D2EDFh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 80425544h
not     eax
sub     eax, 36DDD9F7h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 277731B8h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4244ACFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C43DD4DFh
add     eax, 9B1A3B36h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0D0B90410h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 9373E24Eh
sub     eax, 594A5135h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 250FB9B8h
xor     eax, 0E31D5B4Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FC9CCAA7h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 2C54FB8Ah
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0CB3529DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 3754B1B2h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6DB215B9h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0A44658B2h
sub     eax, 0E219E175h
xor     eax, 1BE27A51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 632A1F19h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AC214C6Fh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 28EE4BF2h
xor     eax, 9C7A4E6Ch
add     eax, 0C675B5BAh
not     eax
add     eax, 7ADD46DFh
add     eax, 0FE207501h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FD9402E3h
add     eax, 3C13B3F6h
xor     eax, 677EA088h
sub     eax, 0B5F5130Ch
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 5D9FF22Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 615464BDh
add     eax, 76E8332Ch
sub     eax, 949A0BCCh
add     eax, 0C736C3F6h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B399F238h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 98B6F17Dh
add     eax, 0E4A6E714h
add     eax, 902CD622h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6A674B62h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CBD5F0B7h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0B7EFACF0h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0D31B94E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 9FAA4CC0h
xor     eax, 0CC9064A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D9932339h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA1EAA26h
add     eax, 0EEC3D3B4h
xor     eax, 0E2200197h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 66CE85C0h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 7AC4DEB0h
add     eax, 0BE3EEFD9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 47C3C41Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 97FB45F8h
add     eax, 950F8E62h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C91B9E40h
xor     eax, 6487610Dh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 2477E414h
add     eax, 516C7490h
sub     eax, 8BB4E024h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 35677699h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F3CAD63Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EA66BF0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7A5D17EFh
add     eax, 0DFA51E99h
xor     eax, 8E925A71h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0B9A09FE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 67917C40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0BD82ED6Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 5ED01559h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2E30CC84h
xor     eax, 23A6A215h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0CA39977Dh
sub     eax, 0E340F12Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 6519D6B6h
xor     eax, 139BA086h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 55E9DA14h
sub     eax, 8484F57Fh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F1724C21h
sub     eax, 9CA03AF9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3496B2B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0B31F6804h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 14AAE588h
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 6D92A5B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6D57AB81h
xor     eax, 0D509BE3Ah
xor     eax, 0D3CF7D81h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 142099EAh
xor     eax, 5A6B3AABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 6F0EA135h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 675BA8CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 878CD00Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8C812553h
not     eax
add     eax, 5F6DF6AFh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0CE035CAFh
add     eax, 0EE945D78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 6EB9D061h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F8FD9ED3h
xor     eax, 4D3CDBFBh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 56819668h
xor     eax, 0A0DFCE2Ah
sub     eax, 0AE891133h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 66A80701h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 93B3F474h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9CD8F4A5h
sub     eax, 88F3EECAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 330AACB5h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 90B5D35Ah
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 0F87A9952h
sub     eax, 0E65A7A07h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 16CF3E82h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 934DB8E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A4EA6B60h
add     eax, 9D6978D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 6CB54924h
xor     eax, 284331F0h
xor     eax, 6CB95116h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3EF778E9h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 80F8CFC2h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AD17E0EEh
sub     eax, 1B4B4D46h
xor     eax, 6C2F1397h
sub     eax, 0BE59A5B6h
xor     eax, 826B9DF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0D474B3AFh
sub     eax, 0C8678435h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 7A93A799h
add     eax, 0BF0A910Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 18414147h
sub     eax, 8AD30402h
add     eax, 0C44E2429h
sub     eax, 0A4B48F8Ch
add     eax, 0E94C3050h
xor     eax, 0BBF571C8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 84D05D59h
add     eax, 6CA5731Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 5B523B04h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0BB7D5D2Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9CE7B436h
xor     eax, 8A639070h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 8766D694h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 22D8AF0Ah
xor     eax, 644AEA5Dh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 2EE65C4Ch
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 4B60B00Eh
add     eax, 3C08B24Ch
sub     eax, 0C8D09EE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2B80A2E3h
xor     eax, 4297026Ch
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0D9D5D272h
xor     eax, 0DE91656Eh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 38399303h
xor     eax, 29E714C4h
sub     eax, 7619FDF7h
sub     eax, 77DB7ABFh
xor     eax, 87128D01h
add     eax, 49019444h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 15240868h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 339AACA3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0A6A83B35h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 10AFE0B2h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 618E40C9h
xor     eax, 575BC9EFh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9B3B57EBh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6151E973h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0F94BB8DFh
add     eax, 8174D287h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 79E33D9Eh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0DAB5783Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2161ED81h
add     eax, 2B0DFDA8h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 387C8AEAh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0FE7E4C61h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 64D68155h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 66C1E80Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3B167582h
xor     eax, 0D33B9ABEh
add     eax, 0D3FA4979h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F688705Ah
sub     eax, 8356BE00h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 88F2D0E9h
add     eax, 8A809D94h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0FEEF8AD7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 86FAF876h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2BA1DF51h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A230DDC6h
xor     eax, 0A4D8A94Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E44CE028h
sub     eax, 4510B9DBh
xor     eax, 0E56D37F8h
xor     eax, 0CC02827Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 7CBCBD66h
xor     eax, 52A6B3F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 17594889h
xor     eax, 1A790264h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0D298460Bh
sub     eax, 634CEA85h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F7AFECEBh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ED8BC327h
sub     eax, 0E532CCBBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 19703DF2h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 960B013Eh
add     eax, 1E10F0F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 64DDA6A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AD2A16EAh
xor     eax, 1D3C6744h
add     eax, 0C7C0C474h
not     eax
add     eax, 79DEBDC1h
sub     eax, 0A8AB9F74h
xor     eax, 0B71051A3h
add     eax, 0D9FD0AF8h
sub     eax, 5003760Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 5178E740h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0AD839E44h
xor     eax, 776610B7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 8A17F61Dh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B51F1777h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0DCCC3CA0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EAA3E425h
not     eax
add     eax, 8CD9A158h
sub     eax, 0B2B5FD40h
add     eax, 3AA977D4h
sub     eax, 2CAD07C6h
add     eax, 727AE69Dh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0A36C981Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6F7F68BAh
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 15137F8Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5E108DCAh
xor     eax, 0C03D3380h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 513E973Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D6C23A46h
xor     eax, 10203559h
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0A329992Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B2451E5Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 5458F1B9h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BEDC84F0h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0D7E6A4B6h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0E22E453Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0FB55FE66h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0E036AC9Ah
add     eax, 0A31A94E0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8FC2523Ch
xor     eax, 0AC301881h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2BC0E0E4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 11E5B314h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FC20072Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 1DEA33A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 125E72EAh
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0EB2F107Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 8B46C986h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 313B618Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A905FB30h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 5EA6434Bh
sub     eax, 416CD92Ch
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 12F09E34h
sub     eax, 548928A2h
add     eax, 9167B47Ch
add     eax, 349CE597h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 405ADC3Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0B641421Ah
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 464ECAC9h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A207E70Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0C72C08FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7E66E220h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9D776147h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0DDFC043Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0DF67C072h
add     eax, 871F49D9h
add     eax, 0F1934F2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E28A2699h
add     eax, 3C48951Ch
xor     eax, 0F34E0CEEh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FFF04E93h
sub     eax, 85610AB6h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0CD19784Ah
xor     eax, 3936BA43h
xor     eax, 0D523E6ACh
xor     eax, 78D2C96Dh
xor     eax, 5C3B2B61h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0E862B655h
add     eax, 45C11AD8h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0A3959C56h
add     eax, 38631831h
sub     eax, 3619FBA8h
add     eax, 101ABD14h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EC598CD1h
sub     eax, 740FD45Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B35184E8h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 3BAEC4A5h
xor     eax, 1B3069FDh
sub     eax, 66471C10h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 17F0C11Fh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BD0D88D1h
add     eax, 0FCE3BEDEh
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0B984969Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9F9C80D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 93476033h
sub     eax, 0AFB71786h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 4C097319h
xor     eax, 20747D56h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 6A113E7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 47DC3393h
add     eax, 5273373Ch
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 477D2243h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 3F6D48B1h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0B8B1BA65h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 61AECEAEh
add     eax, 4CFD0BACh
xor     eax, 37929C3Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 5891EF64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 828C7E00h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 27CB6E5Bh
add     eax, 389D1391h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0B85D1879h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 98610649h
add     eax, 409FE2EFh
xor     eax, 919E65E1h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 50F5868Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 869524F9h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6BD1DC9Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 9F91514Ch
sub     eax, 92266CF1h
xor     eax, 291DC2BBh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0F6DC447Dh
sub     eax, 0F6E57953h
xor     eax, 26E56350h
not     eax
add     eax, 179C1B55h
xor     eax, 0A3638A9Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 7CE4C720h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3B04BCC5h
add     eax, 700CADE2h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1C44B49Dh
xor     eax, 322C11CDh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2FFF4789h
xor     eax, 0BB507EFDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0F0EE7E09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C126B1BDh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0E7F45434h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B121A4EAh
xor     eax, 1A2A68A1h
xor     eax, 776C03F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0EA4FB6B2h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 37DB40E3h
sub     eax, 844C28E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 531356A4h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0DE7CF2D8h
xor     eax, 0E6339A15h
xor     eax, 943473DBh
xor     eax, 95678D9Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 5CAEF0A8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 8CDDF7A3h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0C3812262h
xor     eax, 6C011C07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FDE6ACE3h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 636AEE00h
add     eax, 875958D9h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 6FC347E0h
sub     eax, 9D4DABAEh
add     eax, 7A4DDDBCh
add     eax, 618F86EFh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0FDFD60F3h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0B3656FB2h
sub     eax, 6B9EFD6Ah
sub     eax, 0EDDDF3F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 144A4043h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 683EF838h
sub     eax, 0CDCAD8D1h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 39009279h
sub     eax, 899CFC81h
sub     eax, 0FAEECC77h
add     eax, 0E7C8A64Dh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0FEB3F501h
xor     eax, 41D6578Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1628E644h
add     eax, 0FAC7056Dh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0C6564FEBh
sub     eax, 5FF82878h
sub     eax, 77F3C9F4h
add     eax, 0A190D200h
sub     eax, 29973119h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6DBD5777h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 7FE6AA3Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0BCB625FFh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 5395EFECh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0B247139Bh
add     eax, 5036108Ch
add     eax, 0A33CFFADh
xor     eax, 0F271A9AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F7C80E6Fh
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 1520978Bh
sub     eax, 720DC97Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 544DCB75h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 55FBD84Bh
xor     eax, 0E7AC3F71h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 991030E4h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 4B0C9F9Ah
xor     eax, 2398E056h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 16831A4Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A6EF1547h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0DA4A22C9h
add     eax, 8AFE9861h
add     eax, 0BA20E052h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7F02A383h
add     eax, 34DDB75Dh
add     eax, 7092DA0Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0CE7A7B65h
add     eax, 353844BBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B678E793h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AEBC0784h
add     eax, 0F33EA8DDh
add     eax, 47A452C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D49E3D43h
sub     eax, 0B3A37F7Ch
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0F489DEC7h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 306352A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 74DF8263h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0DCB89EFAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ED118B0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CECC7159h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 612AFC51h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0A43B50BBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 668E6A6Dh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 13FED816h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 59D84495h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 14F4BB42h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 45B55B99h
not     eax
sub     eax, 10FD84FAh
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 73431C21h
sub     eax, 4F1B8B0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FB8761A6h
xor     eax, 0C9BAFE56h
sub     eax, 21A9F10Ch
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3CF57DBEh
sub     eax, 85DDEAAEh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 7CA49D6Bh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 805FB758h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C93CB36Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 47BFE7B0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0A9CD10D6h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 9CAE0E8Ch
xor     eax, 0A41EE0D4h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0BACED54Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 83DCA15Ah
xor     eax, 7CBEE5EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5B29C574h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 68F7A006h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0FADC5C25h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 935F9C8Eh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0EEF029B9h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 8ABED3CEh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0ADCC56AFh
xor     eax, 36F8AF48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4AA6AC09h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 371F6CD8h
sub     eax, 4B68F8D3h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 121ED5E0h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 6B60BC95h
add     eax, 0BAA3FE0Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0B85B758Dh
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1D24B427h
xor     eax, 26FF85B2h
sub     eax, 0B2220A72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9A0DAACAh
xor     eax, 7BB70299h
sub     eax, 0EADD34EBh
xor     eax, 9DE67ADBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7B1A9D21h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0F21642F4h
sub     eax, 75306611h
xor     eax, 5DBA5F07h
xor     eax, 65ABEE4Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0F7F74473h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D5C09EECh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2E3F6578h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D65B9A30h
add     eax, 0C78FD0B6h
add     eax, 98E6EDCBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 49AE09BDh
sub     eax, 13A0FD83h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4DA0C9CFh
add     eax, 0E4B271B8h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0A16864A5h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0F09D3B44h
xor     eax, 60E0398Eh
sub     eax, 64437CF9h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 8E22B2EDh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 2710BBF3h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 85E86457h
add     eax, 0E71A96FAh
xor     eax, 0FD312124h
sub     eax, 0D9AD22E6h
xor     eax, 413D7E71h
sub     eax, 52271E11h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0C80ADA87h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0B858D12Dh
xor     eax, 0FAC02CE9h
xor     eax, 0BC6967A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FEA9E8AEh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 53615D29h
xor     eax, 0A8824479h
add     eax, 0FBB06C9Eh
xor     eax, 82576C79h
add     eax, 4A7F4D45h
sub     eax, 0CA318AE1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 92106177h
xor     eax, 0EEE113DDh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 8A52ED7Fh
add     eax, 41FB97EFh
add     eax, 0F4C1AB1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3BF777D5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E84DA164h
add     eax, 6DEF4611h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4210CB18h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0C5214E20h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C54AD05Eh
sub     eax, 1DB4EFFDh
not     eax
add     eax, 15166E5Dh
add     eax, 1618B661h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C955D61Fh
sub     eax, 97B99535h
sub     eax, 0C85B0341h
sub     eax, 1B241912h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FEECDEA8h
xor     eax, 3701CD61h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FC7D2D93h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 156814F6h
add     eax, 7FBAC82Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 7BAE129Dh
sub     eax, 7679D494h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A8C3FC01h
sub     eax, 5B5A99D3h
sub     eax, 885321CFh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 513A672Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 67E78F48h
add     eax, 62923F3Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CBF18426h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B093AF5Ah
add     eax, 6033015Eh
add     eax, 0ABADC819h
not     eax
sub     eax, 86FB1E9Eh
sub     eax, 44B4ED76h
not     eax
sub     eax, 501332ECh
xor     eax, 0E26451E5h
xor     eax, 7CD930D6h
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6E0C47E9h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 9664752Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6EB82FE1h
xor     eax, 0A7D96123h
add     eax, 7801B534h
sub     eax, 0C3316001h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 93A11162h
xor     eax, 57B2E9D2h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F00651EBh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C762D390h
add     eax, 0DDE6F8CDh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 69C16B86h
not     eax
sub     eax, 907AE1D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3932FE19h
sub     eax, 503A1A07h
xor     eax, 77245C63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E7682557h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0AA21E901h
sub     eax, 0A1F0D42Dh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 745026D6h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EA6A7B9Bh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0E24D0150h
sub     eax, 0ACED121Ah
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F1004D90h
sub     eax, 1EF8C438h
sub     eax, 0B85C191Bh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 6E4E367Eh
sub     eax, 50497192h
sub     eax, 7A2152EEh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 70199337h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 6CA51C29h
xor     eax, 5156BCB0h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 7B2F2DBEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 4370AA5Eh
add     eax, 0B0FA1150h
add     eax, 97E1871Bh
xor     eax, 0E976DA62h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0A3843F1Fh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 2669A552h
sub     eax, 0BE14CCD0h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 26B02191h
sub     eax, 63566BDBh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 99FB9F56h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EC7DBA83h
xor     eax, 6047E09Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F7392065h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 9E8397AEh
xor     eax, 2D1EB4C1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 144C3C1Ch
xor     eax, 0AE0F9A90h
add     eax, 9927FAB0h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AF1BB3E2h
xor     eax, 25A7BF79h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 6E20EC09h
add     eax, 0F81C8899h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 7A472664h
xor     eax, 0DACB4566h
sub     eax, 0A4D72312h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 7018CFD1h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 71AFF0EEh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 60CD4616h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 30F7237Fh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0D0CEEA85h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0BE2C9C15h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 90270DD9h
xor     eax, 3C511A5Ah
xor     eax, 140A8E0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 22818E6Eh
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 3236AB05h
add     eax, 0AE34A6E5h
add     eax, 5929DCBEh
add     eax, 29CF83FDh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 6037D445h
sub     eax, 545FCDD6h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0CDADAC15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C6D9B6Fh
xor     eax, 0B2AA651Eh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F76A9358h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 614C1A6Ah
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F8B36343h
sub     eax, 94F20774h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 48D0AA96h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D9B628DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BE00CA2Eh
xor     eax, 212ACC5Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 77056DCBh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0DB7ADFB0h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0D417F680h
add     eax, 8ACEF3D9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7F635FE1h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 253A16B6h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 134DE51Dh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0F2A8D9C5h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0A4201DA7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AD099BDDh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 9AE64BF6h
xor     eax, 53F99EAEh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 976FB313h
sub     eax, 0CA745A83h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 2B176C9Eh
sub     eax, 868714C1h
sub     eax, 0C2D87CEEh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 3F2E6C3Ah
sub     eax, 89FDCD46h
xor     eax, 24617C57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3FD2E664h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 6A1EB76Ch
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0BB080290h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FEB159B5h
add     eax, 186126C7h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1EFF709Dh
add     eax, 0FE6983EBh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 135AD993h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 6357B9F5h
add     eax, 0B3968A30h
xor     eax, 27E9644Ah
sub     eax, 0D6D1ACA8h
xor     eax, 0E5A215A4h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ACB3A524h
sub     eax, 0F894EC65h
xor     eax, 1BE699DFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9DD75D1Bh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 22346C8Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 5C06741Eh
add     eax, 0F34150B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B39FEEE9h
add     eax, 33FFC248h
sub     eax, 8298BC59h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0D61BC29Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 33BF00BEh
xor     eax, 46BD2B6Ah
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 90FF9080h
xor     eax, 4E77F2D7h
add     eax, 74E4BCB5h
xor     eax, 0DCC5DFB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 2CD80869h
add     eax, 351D1193h
xor     eax, 2DC1AB34h
xor     eax, 97DCD895h
add     eax, 0F951374Bh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0D3EEB7B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EF3FEB0Bh
xor     eax, 0F4A94919h
xor     eax, 306C1A9Dh
sub     eax, 0FBBE8467h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 73B1AD93h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E5CC262Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0D73E54D6h
xor     eax, 0EF0D10D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D934E4FDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0E2CEDA25h
add     eax, 5D55190Fh
add     eax, 0F97DAC09h
add     eax, 0B54FBCF9h
xor     eax, 0E40CBD92h
xor     eax, 0A0DAB30Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 3DA88432h
xor     eax, 0CE8785B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 5C70B373h
xor     eax, 4C5D17BFh
add     eax, 0E43FDEA8h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0E1D04731h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 63A5A8A5h
xor     eax, 0CBD00725h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 76441E37h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0BAA95DF3h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 87CDA418h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B2268B7Fh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0C66604DAh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 40689B28h
sub     eax, 20D4EC65h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1B52F704h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 8775DD6Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 123EC9D3h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 255005A4h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0AC7C09EDh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 8774FEF0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 5A20EE41h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0D9ED98C7h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 4F7034DDh
xor     eax, 0DBB6275Dh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0DCCC22ACh
add     eax, 6F782D97h
not     eax
add     eax, 1D46B629h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 1078C55Bh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 60E5D677h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0FAA401BFh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0DA277AB9h
add     eax, 19201B35h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0A0B71E9Ah
add     eax, 0F85BCFA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EC86DECFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 795F6A72h
add     eax, 469F38B0h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 54E08667h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 60A1C14Fh
sub     eax, 5870C8B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 6822990Ah
add     eax, 0AC4919B1h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 70104819h
xor     eax, 3B3CF0A1h
sub     eax, 0FCCDDA16h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D0B8A06Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0ED1A8E59h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C052DF72h
sub     eax, 5BE3DCB0h
sub     eax, 68270EBCh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 9989B7C9h
sub     eax, 750194EDh
xor     eax, 397DC686h
sub     eax, 77B4E346h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0EA01018Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2DDCC21Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 8966137Fh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 94D85849h
not     eax
sub     eax, 714F0715h
add     eax, 3E2ECFF9h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0ED8266EAh
add     eax, 0ABD18565h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0AA232447h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 42408322h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0F8248CE8h
add     eax, 0BFDA2DC6h
sub     eax, 397AB58Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 949693BFh
xor     eax, 0BDAC0931h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DF73BDBFh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 7D9441A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0C92A1CA7h
sub     eax, 0D42383E4h
sub     eax, 0C183FF04h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0C33201EEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0D9DBBD56h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0E8B7467Bh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 405314D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F2C07E13h
add     eax, 0B959E8ECh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0CF1B8658h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 96C71DF9h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FCDBEE00h
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
sub     eax, 6043694Fh
add     eax, 0F565B81Bh
add     eax, 0F5471E92h
add     eax, 0AD5C22F6h
sub     eax, 0BBAA3AAFh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C95A207Fh
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0EBDFD171h
add     eax, 500ECCD9h
sub     eax, 6BC1F0B6h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1EC1040Eh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 50101648h
sub     eax, 1D5F562Eh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 52C59C1Fh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0DF0155CEh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 569AE62Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1A7561B5h
add     eax, 40FC3DA5h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E1F74B40h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 2F25B316h
sub     eax, 30A50A08h
sub     eax, 0EE6ECC3Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 4B88088Eh
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 6C2701BEh
add     eax, 5D3C15A5h
xor     eax, 666A7031h
xor     eax, 417ADDDDh
add     eax, 67813FC2h
xor     eax, 0B6009DB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1AA293AFh
xor     eax, 57290642h
add     eax, 0D2824DBCh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 71CC28FDh
add     eax, 8B69CD0Ah
add     eax, 0FA33E4DEh
not     eax
add     eax, 0B48D90FFh
add     eax, 4C15CF28h
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0FF808CF4h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 192B816Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A30FC462h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0FB1D19BEh
add     eax, 57F5EE02h
xor     eax, 9A6C4F35h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 667F7D3Eh
add     eax, 66907B5Ch
sub     eax, 5D80C899h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0D88AE183h
sub     eax, 8C0B3BD1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BC942941h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9556D023h
sub     eax, 3BB20C15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AE1A1715h
xor     eax, 0E8CB406Ah
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 4B9EF5D6h
xor     eax, 93BADB63h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0E3838303h
xor     eax, 4B55D247h
add     eax, 1CEEDC59h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4CF700B9h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0E440165Dh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 74F72127h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0C92A3CC8h
not     eax
add     eax, 7433E31Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 2B7A413Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 8D53350Ah
xor     eax, 6604212Ch
sub     eax, 0C187BA91h
xor     eax, 0A534EBCAh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 40AAA8DEh
xor     eax, 8F72D339h
add     eax, 0DDDCD293h
add     eax, 0B187D5B0h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0EE3EBD03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 39D99BB9h
add     eax, 0CC6D21ACh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 9A8F7D16h
xor     eax, 3E885469h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 38808B65h
add     eax, 0C5B40038h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 728C7A24h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 4B702E4Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 986E0401h
sub     eax, 0B6603AD5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A380ADF2h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0E8DBFF2Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 22292990h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8C41FE2Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 22FE7FB4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B95B9393h
add     eax, 0D1FCC8A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 770A0F77h
sub     eax, 9F5B8DB1h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 6DF67DD4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F74484D0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0AFC84D95h
add     eax, 400DD2CCh
add     eax, 279622D2h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 24208B22h
sub     eax, 350C3DCDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F7F1AEF1h
sub     eax, 67804451h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 7A284489h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B4E2BAA9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 19DF577Ch
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 2CD2D55Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0DBE496A7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 988D03D9h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 72A6A1ABh
not     eax
add     eax, 781DD391h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2DDB2F38h
sub     eax, 0C95E7483h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 4467B94Fh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 966B680Ch
add     eax, 0B1B0D0BEh
add     eax, 22D1799Eh
add     eax, 0E401F74Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E663BD54h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 909A42B9h
sub     eax, 79AC5773h
add     eax, 0CB88EFF3h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0D476DF8Ah
sub     eax, 2E536573h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4006D13Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 2C457935h
xor     eax, 0CD89976Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 384DB964h
xor     eax, 0D2A75F38h
xor     eax, 2C163709h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 736A513Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 337748D4h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0BDB38572h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 22096763h
not     eax
add     eax, 9C85C4CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FB863C24h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 6C5B3D5Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4518D1FFh
add     eax, 398E0AA0h
xor     eax, 7430654Ah
xor     eax, 1A22099Ah
xor     eax, 976C9CF5h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 200C4229h
add     eax, 0FF3B55C3h
xor     eax, 25DA617Eh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 4E35EFEFh
xor     eax, 0FE36929Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 4252C327h
sub     eax, 5F26F24Ah
xor     eax, 0BF75197Dh
xor     eax, 47030674h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D5A02DC6h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C7E20BE1h
xor     eax, 7C426F05h
sub     eax, 1ED34BCBh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 40468DC5h
add     eax, 0E5C86419h
add     eax, 0DEB9A7CFh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A75C3F8Fh
xor     eax, 6E3C1325h
add     eax, 80550287h
xor     eax, 0D8A41649h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 894A7E1Fh
xor     eax, 29F88CE7h
add     eax, 2953850Dh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 8EE30596h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CF8E6EBCh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0EF82A238h
sub     eax, 0CBD9FD57h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D3941829h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 841F93F6h
sub     eax, 5399E6E7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2BBE2DA7h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D91E2B2Dh
xor     eax, 0A9402B50h
sub     eax, 500C329Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7E3C223Fh
add     eax, 21081E86h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0E5E8610Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0D3FDB24Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 6E75500Ch
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 4F65D437h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 83AC68BEh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 967B7F72h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 57868827h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FCD374EFh
sub     eax, 0C69ACCFCh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 87E98223h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0F29C1CC3h
xor     eax, 87781E77h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D1F2E7D4h
sub     eax, 0AE6934BEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 54B124BEh
sub     eax, 9CC0A4EBh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0F142E0DEh
sub     eax, 0AB01A6A6h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 59526B24h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0BE02E491h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 1FE57D59h
xor     eax, 2E1AE764h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5DC94CABh
add     eax, 9462F2A8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 782787E9h
sub     eax, 0C9DC9DE5h
add     eax, 0E4EA8CF9h
add     eax, 6DA2130Fh
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 1B359FC0h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F650780Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0F22600FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BA24AB34h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 83FC1CDCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E2776E9Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 25BBD595h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 96325890h
sub     eax, 1ACA8859h
not     eax
add     eax, 4A787329h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0DA4C266Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 3D731DD6h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 87914984h
xor     eax, 33365A38h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 45F328F3h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 7A12F6EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6D9A10C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 4F5501A9h
sub     eax, 7807D3A0h
add     eax, 0EADF04D9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 289D838Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E2D29B08h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0FF8A6922h
add     eax, 90896C03h
xor     eax, 78BC4652h
add     eax, 3647C4D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 90813C66h
xor     eax, 2D1DAD90h
not     eax
add     eax, 4C13EDE4h
sub     eax, 0C47A90B3h
sub     eax, 9E421A3Ah
sub     eax, 0BD8546F1h
add     eax, 724F1707h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D24DA198h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 1A7EE769h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 48F8F168h
sub     eax, 0E178A43Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 304AA714h
xor     eax, 4558BDDFh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A970C551h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 2DCEB568h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 33C8AF3Fh
xor     eax, 0E0D61C14h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 8283BC28h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 75DF537Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0DED4999Bh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0F0726AFEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B786A4A3h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0CCC2797Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 26434A06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A4D171Bh
xor     eax, 9319619Dh
xor     eax, 0E69C94D9h
xor     eax, 8BA46FDAh
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D0C8C971h
sub     eax, 0F2357932h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8024DCECh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 937F2003h
xor     eax, 3B43172Eh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0B8AA6567h
xor     eax, 2E65AAEEh
add     eax, 0CE470D45h
xor     eax, 9FAE6F48h
add     eax, 0DD951C02h
xor     eax, 8756F519h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0AE17AB7Ch
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FCC1944Fh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0D60581F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 30E84EB3h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CFAF1E22h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 6D256BDCh
add     eax, 4D3B1757h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5913BD8Bh
sub     eax, 0FA6A259Dh
sub     eax, 0ADB21B3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FE542331h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0E1F4AAF7h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 40CC53D1h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0C41A93E9h
sub     eax, 0CD1A3DA6h
sub     eax, 7FB4C17Ch
add     eax, 512CD56Ch
add     eax, 7D7CFDD4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 39078103h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 23DD7492h
add     eax, 0DE492BB6h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B3074EDFh
xor     eax, 0F3D19D23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ECF9A4DDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0C9EFCAC5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 99297D88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 9B877094h
sub     eax, 317AF382h
add     eax, 11580275h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D0A4D292h
sub     eax, 6BB3420Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D2307E73h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 966639C4h
sub     eax, 36EF15E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F4C7D6A4h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 99D8E2DDh
sub     eax, 0DDF39042h
sub     eax, 0D4EF15B9h
add     eax, 239D27F1h
xor     eax, 0A1DE6089h
add     eax, 7E2DD81Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E2878622h
sub     eax, 0CC63507Bh
add     eax, 9726BFCBh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 2A98762Bh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 1E209826h
add     eax, 873F7245h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 1F3B201Ch
xor     eax, 0FE009FCCh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2B462BC3h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 8CB13A8Fh
sub     eax, 7442E746h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 94D773E8h
not     eax
add     eax, 7DA2C193h
xor     eax, 0A2063452h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0B2E9845Ah
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 85BAB387h
sub     eax, 0C908D88Eh
sub     eax, 3BA5D594h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0FB8B7FA2h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 38791E96h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 92211AB9h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
xor     eax, 40477F3Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DF0548B9h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B6BF6946h
add     eax, 0EFEA18D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6D301F6Dh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 20884BAEh
sub     eax, 468C5184h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E224544Ch
xor     eax, 429ADC19h
xor     eax, 75454270h
add     eax, 0DA3588EFh
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0B2709614h
sub     eax, 0D1B85BDCh
xor     eax, 0E63F5B36h
add     eax, 0B3690B3Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 6C50F272h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6D9B6D2Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0CA978DC9h
xor     eax, 489E240Ah
sub     eax, 888086B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D0D0643Fh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ABE0219Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7CFF2E68h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0F3746856h
sub     eax, 0C8B9EED9h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0A50B2A48h
sub     eax, 7F2FD463h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0D6143DCDh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0A3189278h
xor     eax, 33CBD2BEh
not     eax
add     eax, 18AD302Eh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 4771D300h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B46163BAh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0EE3D1099h
sub     eax, 690CBBB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4EE14F71h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 45663E4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B2F4F2DEh
sub     eax, 2FCA1B8Eh
sub     eax, 0B41402A4h
xor     eax, 3022DE6Ah
xor     eax, 60EE6C8Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F9EA841Eh
add     eax, 7DF5E520h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0AB84AC81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0E8C44D8Ah
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 44D1EA49h
xor     eax, 0BB00927Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 701B2BA4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CBF8CCDCh
add     eax, 599D046Eh
add     eax, 511B33D3h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 483E0447h
add     eax, 0C5EEBB90h
add     eax, 21E0FA2Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FB35A0E5h
sub     eax, 0F3ED8175h
add     eax, 0F3CCB0DDh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 9292F912h
not     eax
add     eax, 4EA6EB22h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 8D9498CEh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0DDA39304h
xor     eax, 0BB111303h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 79D6C818h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0A765C228h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0AE4617FCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0A2C8B41Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 90D5D6C1h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 20E81875h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 139EDC93h
xor     eax, 0A0794BECh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 82CC3B2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B42DEAC2h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0E2178633h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0C9B7E182h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FC8FB15Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F5E34F04h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 4E898CCCh
add     eax, 78C96CADh
add     eax, 0BF14D5C9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 49486476h
add     eax, 5E1A88E0h
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 7296CD76h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 5A741A20h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 2108B2FEh
xor     eax, 21A3F8AFh
add     eax, 0C4B77CEEh
sub     eax, 0F29088A6h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DE371972h
add     eax, 0DAD25AD7h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B557E309h
add     eax, 0A13FF397h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0D19A4888h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 29E9959Eh
sub     eax, 264CBB33h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3D20E22Bh
xor     eax, 447C4332h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B6AA8540h
xor     eax, 0E17C17BEh
add     eax, 1FE7D9D2h
xor     eax, 0F4FC4564h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 52EC8CD1h
not     eax
add     eax, 816D91EAh
add     eax, 50B7C4FBh
xor     eax, 1A91B311h
xor     eax, 518DEB04h
sub     eax, 9BAC0EA0h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 42E0F509h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C5344F88h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F2F626ADh
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 7AF2A8D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 552479A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C495983Eh
add     eax, 75332ABEh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 35A59353h
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 8AF2336Eh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 83971055h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 84FE4876h
add     eax, 1A68D077h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0ECDB4499h
xor     eax, 0F9E48D10h
sub     eax, 79B1606Fh
add     eax, 88A89D60h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 598CEC7Dh
add     eax, 0D0CFCA54h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 4E3A283Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 8283702Dh
sub     eax, 147B3B69h
not     eax
add     eax, 48F1B6F9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0F6EE9BC7h
xor     eax, 3075D5BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 58C80FFCh
sub     eax, 36474D87h
xor     eax, 0AE7A1266h
sub     eax, 43B4CEE3h
xor     eax, 203B5335h
xor     eax, 0CE403FF3h
add     eax, 528E5F8Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 21662483h
xor     eax, 0E678B712h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AA911665h
add     eax, 0F1DDBC34h
add     eax, 7B0A3844h
sub     eax, 0C625E8E3h
not     eax
add     eax, 80D2ADDEh
add     eax, 74E3AB56h
sub     eax, 4B7277EFh
xor     eax, 32B27A87h
xor     eax, 0D0A11A27h
sub     eax, 75A7EA3Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8F9D010Bh
xor     eax, 5E24CDE2h
sub     eax, 0C68560D1h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C97C5786h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0E1B8CB45h
sub     eax, 0CA734DFBh
sub     eax, 59A5B14Ah
add     eax, 8D660A5Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 70511110h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F38DD199h
add     eax, 505C6BA4h
add     eax, 9EDFC52Ch
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 540DF0BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C4F5F48Ch
xor     eax, 69DAE816h
xor     eax, 6D3FE293h
add     eax, 46B68560h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0EF378FF2h
sub     eax, 3F821753h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9A341102h
sub     eax, 7A726C82h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2BEBD9BAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 718AE701h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1027B3F0h
add     eax, 1C3D7042h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3065D2D1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4D9676FBh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 97653801h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 929A6BD0h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0AF2C225Bh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5444A52Ch
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C46A357Bh
sub     eax, 13D964A8h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E3D1B14Ch
add     eax, 2441CA75h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0B031DB7Ah
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0BF8A27A4h
not     eax
add     eax, 943A7725h
xor     eax, 0A91E2B7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8A32CEF3h
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 7DBCDF2Eh
add     eax, 0BAE6E07Bh
add     eax, 431ECEEBh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8589528Eh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 3E288F4Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 48F39D8Fh
add     eax, 28F31F2Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0AB681DE2h
xor     eax, 36EC919Bh
xor     eax, 0BAC09AA5h
xor     eax, 0E0E10853h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0CD57DEB4h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 554AA514h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A815C67Eh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2DA55F6Eh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0CF6E7290h
sub     eax, 895F6936h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 21D6B553h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 3EEB1D4Ah
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 2EE6066Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C4E468B3h
xor     eax, 80EBF8A9h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 799A045Ch
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B85EC5EEh
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0E2399C0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 31D3DF7Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 27260478h
sub     eax, 6A693066h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 8631F90Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FD7E5E99h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DCA3AE76h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E0E97C17h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0D3C17C0Ch
sub     eax, 5F0D3F8Fh
sub     eax, 825D1870h
xor     eax, 0FBC7AFE1h
xor     eax, 0B534FDE1h
sub     eax, 0AB62EF9Eh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 5312ECFAh
xor     eax, 288A7B92h
xor     eax, 4777F78Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 237B635Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EA8CD9B2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 5BE04C76h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 614CC1FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1D28A10Eh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 7D75D8FDh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5EAF5D78h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 451717A1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 6AC1861Eh
add     eax, 0AA92369Ah
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 85C10219h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9E5C41DAh
sub     eax, 83FB98CBh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0DF3267E0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 69B909E7h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E6D0A955h
add     eax, 5C0E4E1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0F53CC600h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 67BF09F1h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 6C778242h
sub     eax, 4D2343D4h
add     eax, 4335416Eh
sub     eax, 96EF243Dh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 306036CEh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0CFBB7413h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 4A893FAAh
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0EB480E0Ah
xor     eax, 7374C809h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B0677D32h
add     eax, 9A417ACBh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 686B9CCBh
sub     eax, 66671191h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 602343E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 650E64A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 303BD718h
add     eax, 0F0CA8D6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5918018Bh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0D64B41B6h
add     eax, 0CA37FC2Bh
xor     eax, 0CB2D1CA8h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 2DBB9731h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4BF44FAAh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E302E889h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E8392751h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0FC122045h
sub     eax, 5FF9F8D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4F743940h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 19E5377Ah
xor     eax, 20E73E97h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E46C32E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B22A5307h
xor     eax, 96FD26BEh
not     eax
add     eax, 7B5DE46Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 4E563C17h
xor     eax, 0CEAE1A27h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16C3F12Eh
xor     eax, 7CD83A25h
xor     eax, 8D080124h
not     eax
add     eax, 5F717E7Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 9AA1E06Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 281D76BCh
not     eax
sub     eax, 7C6A4E7Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A95CBC98h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 4FF74628h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 483DAE51h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 89718182h
xor     eax, 0C9DE36D1h
sub     eax, 50122E90h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 15653554h
sub     eax, 1F92DEB7h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0F880179Fh
xor     eax, 0D9393349h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3CA07D13h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B105EBEDh
sub     eax, 24A22180h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 4FDA980Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0ACA0B9A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9CFBEB79h
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 2D757A0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9B893088h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 74B212C1h
add     eax, 0A6537473h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C1A2A708h
sub     eax, 0A25CF702h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 66E6CBB4h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 31E152CCh
sub     eax, 7D7CAF94h
xor     eax, 57FEB909h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2D79AC81h
not     eax
sub     eax, 53F2D583h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 4FDF2F82h
add     eax, 71F0A6FFh
add     eax, 62F9C49Fh
sub     eax, 0C735F57Ch
add     eax, 6B3529BBh
xor     eax, 1005D9F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CE248465h
xor     eax, 59C26865h
sub     eax, 2915E887h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 96088305h
add     eax, 0CD9CB9ABh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 2D809335h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0D496ED57h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0CEA21C97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0B97DFEF6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 4453389Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 62A86132h
xor     eax, 6C2564F0h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0E868036Bh
sub     eax, 1108C2CBh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0F3703E65h
sub     eax, 417E30BDh
sub     eax, 0D6363ECFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 73BAD1CBh
sub     eax, 0ED8D64D1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0E155654Eh
add     eax, 0FB40C1F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 766F3406h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F8474EA2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A38A3F81h
add     eax, 0FC092320h
xor     eax, 0E473D8B9h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AA4C751Ah
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D0C8B44Bh
sub     eax, 0DCB7B889h
add     eax, 0F450FCE5h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 54B40CEFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AF098A82h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C9750A7Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0C71F8B03h
xor     eax, 0DED65BE8h
add     eax, 529A560Bh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0CB885F94h
sub     eax, 0E3C3E88Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DE61D524h
sub     eax, 75700F67h
xor     eax, 487E8773h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0F60A93B5h
sub     eax, 2A8DE769h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1880D51Eh
add     eax, 0B51C6CC4h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0E8D30C4Dh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 3B522377h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1F458D0Eh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 22E7EE78h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F673A227h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 5218059Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0B95932B6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 378BD969h
sub     eax, 6D5E1757h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 6E00EC34h
add     eax, 1116C37Ch
add     eax, 5904446Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 52CD3E9Dh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 20BA5324h
add     eax, 221AEAF5h
sub     eax, 96A1500Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 1EDBEA11h
add     eax, 0FA467AAEh
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 81C80F5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2E5D5F00h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 2F1F288Ah
sub     eax, 845BA47Fh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC0ECE0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 10775D27h
sub     eax, 5D8BA9ADh
sub     eax, 0BB996856h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 75F82C37h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 6FB0034Bh
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ADDF87A1h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0F64C3FA1h
sub     eax, 4CB418D9h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 6668CADDh
xor     eax, 0A12917EAh
sub     eax, 4AF25B56h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0D806DE77h
sub     eax, 0E1ADC7C7h
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 2C0F264Dh
xor     eax, 72EF51F6h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0D4723678h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 1656B3E8h
sub     eax, 6FA39607h
add     eax, 0C9876D2Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 1824BAC5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B5EC90CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C01D157Fh
sub     eax, 93018099h
add     eax, 0EB6B010Ah
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 77D399BBh
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 91DE8042h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 54EF6FA5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7F1D5962h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 7969C9E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 864C8AE7h
add     eax, 256C504Eh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0ABD36035h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BE4CF727h
not     eax
add     eax, 1115CA60h
xor     eax, 0CBD82887h
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0EEFCDEA3h
xor     eax, 95743651h
add     eax, 6367E840h
xor     eax, 0C7DC5E59h
add     eax, 4CEE9A4Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 249820D9h
sub     eax, 8CC8BB6Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 723818C4h
add     eax, 170B54EDh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 94B5A4CDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BFD6156Ch
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0FCFD7739h
sub     eax, 79E3938Dh
sub     eax, 8F273427h
sub     eax, 9453BD65h
sub     eax, 87D8D45Dh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 82BE8A11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 11B8FCE0h
xor     eax, 7366AB55h
add     eax, 0B042A03Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0F666467Ch
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 22D434DAh
add     eax, 0C8E86DAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 957AA170h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 3E8E708Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 96F2B1A6h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0E865FB7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FED225CBh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0AEC0C7D3h
sub     eax, 0A45F0240h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 5905AF66h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8074A127h
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D3643D2Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 709CFD48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6E9CBD1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FD184919h
xor     eax, 95785793h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 669F5D4Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7B8B88AAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 62967A9Bh
xor     eax, 0F54474DCh
add     eax, 3645B7A3h
sub     eax, 2A4E5F59h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B764F3EEh
xor     eax, 0A3C2165Fh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 9B9E2DA4h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 8682BBCDh
xor     eax, 610F97AFh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0AC7D8038h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0AC75D04Dh
add     eax, 7A8AEC6Bh
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0A21450D1h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0D00D529Ch
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 3A2FF638h
sub     eax, 9F5B645Dh
sub     eax, 80CD3AC6h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0C1C71B0Ch
xor     eax, 0CF54CB02h
add     eax, 8FCDF984h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 698B75AFh
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0A3ACE293h
add     eax, 8C695EBEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9E20EF28h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3FABACB5h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0D6F3B160h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 469F3A76h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 6996B48Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0D4F3D266h
xor     eax, 0D6A85825h
sub     eax, 0B029CE1Fh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0CD2DFBD5h
sub     eax, 8C511951h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0A1448DE1h
sub     eax, 406F3286h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0A5A03BFDh
xor     eax, 0BF5AEA53h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0A992D320h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 75873EE3h
sub     eax, 0E4AAF04Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 730DD0D4h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0D59B3E8Bh
add     eax, 2F54C047h
xor     eax, 0E8CD1145h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 5BEB998Dh
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0E96F60A8h
xor     eax, 89323A8Fh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0F1F102A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 30C4C388h
add     eax, 3383329Ch
xor     eax, 7FBF1652h
add     eax, 50BEB75Ch
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5860887Ah
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0EA76DC53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DE7465D4h
xor     eax, 0F224DDE4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 2C427770h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0E0383B11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0E09C75FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0E8FC6FEAh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0BE0FBF0Eh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0AA0AD792h
sub     eax, 0C57C163Eh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0BAA87ED6h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 5997BC5Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 1AF42E45h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5E855CAEh
sub     eax, 0DDF8210Ch
sub     eax, 0FFFC6D08h
add     eax, 9EF316ADh
sub     eax, 0D2D448D4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FCB92F47h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0BAAFD6ACh
xor     eax, 0DFB1565Eh
add     eax, 277C86F8h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0CBCD0E0Ch
sub     eax, 0BF195762h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C380023Ah
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FDA6C238h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 56038CB2h
sub     eax, 4B5868AEh
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0FF0D2725h
sub     eax, 27695B24h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 8C46095Dh
sub     eax, 911BCF50h
not     eax
sub     eax, 50BC0B07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 0A2852697h
add     eax, 0F4824AEDh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A81B025Dh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 8B21817Fh
add     eax, 47202287h
xor     eax, 838DCB0Ch
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9C9EDC72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 56877D5Bh
xor     eax, 8F70B85Dh
xor     eax, 0D07817E6h
add     eax, 2D06B31Dh
add     eax, 0D9052014h
sub     eax, 6B7FA131h
sub     eax, 6D89B5B6h
xor     eax, 0E65487DCh
add     eax, 0B4855946h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0F3BD85A7h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
sub     eax, 26C1DB07h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0E74C1185h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E7F2464Fh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0B4111076h
add     eax, 0C61A7ECBh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BCF12F1Ch
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0E42AC224h
xor     eax, 6C4C604Fh
add     eax, 6B473BF3h
add     eax, 0E6313813h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0C99EA087h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3BD75DEBh
sub     eax, 57A5074Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B478594Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 8236E604h
sub     eax, 8ABB2F97h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0C6D9E186h
xor     eax, 0D04EB012h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 7B924A8Dh
add     eax, 3C1F1479h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 446C8DAFh
sub     eax, 232EEAAAh
xor     eax, 88586671h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 4CD353D0h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0E2781336h
not     eax
add     eax, 4B999205h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3CCCADCCh
xor     eax, 2717DD81h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
add     eax, 0DA253BFFh
sub     eax, 0D7CEC89Ch
sub     eax, 0BF05DBD1h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 932A6A8Fh
add     eax, 0C6AF4115h
add     eax, 0ECEB8C7Bh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0F960F436h
sub     eax, 0AF163905h
add     eax, 0D007272Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 5D8DDC40h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8EFBE367h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0B6067EF6h
sub     eax, 670DEEAAh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2598D392h
xor     eax, 482617CDh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8BA7182Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C926CD52h
sub     eax, 9243E16Bh
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 4189B881h
xor     eax, 0DA98651Ah
sub     eax, 0B2A75E5Dh
sub     eax, 8C92AB74h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2F0D69F6h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4F5EA60Dh
xor     eax, 0BA23D971h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0A015371Fh
sub     eax, 0A9BEE808h
sub     eax, 23EBB221h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 447BD724h
xor     eax, 613812ADh
sub     eax, 0EA58E541h
xor     eax, 8CCEE48Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0D274134Ch
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0F65EFC1Dh
sub     eax, 0DF1724F4h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 8CA726FFh
add     eax, 89F3E673h
not     eax
add     eax, 2D150007h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 99E0445Bh
xor     eax, 5EA2088Dh
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 32392E58h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0B970D776h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BBC17B41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 2EA54A92h
not     eax
add     eax, 9A184C5Ah
xor     eax, 5515E2CDh
xor     eax, 0FDF0FDEFh
xor     eax, 5CA4A63Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 6618E202h
xor     eax, 0D5D543CEh
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0BB2EBE01h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B8DF7C54h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2198E38Dh
sub     eax, 2B67AD54h
not     eax
add     eax, 890F8061h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 33999AF8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 3F1FBF09h
xor     eax, 7801C0F6h
xor     eax, 0F94D127Ch
sub     eax, 0D630D67Dh
sub     eax, 48E783EFh
xor     eax, 19F7F836h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C4EE02A8h
xor     eax, 1682ECF5h
add     eax, 9B1DE025h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0C539D51Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 85E629E5h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 398207B3h
not     eax
sub     eax, 36505576h
sub     eax, 0F3C6984Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 90B92B90h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FB04D087h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 8FCD7369h
not     eax
sub     eax, 29D70BA0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E3759D0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 7E36E184h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0DE26DA85h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5326221Eh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 3825A585h
sub     eax, 0DD0A2ED0h
add     eax, 6F9AF255h
sub     eax, 84A8A867h
add     eax, 1BA96D35h
add     eax, 0AD9F6327h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 874F99DFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 452CDA56h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C680DA31h
xor     eax, 0CD5020F2h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E77DD5A7h
sub     eax, 5CC025A3h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F8571FD7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 6C6C4DD6h
xor     eax, 0E57DAC3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1263BF56h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8CE02F29h
sub     eax, 2B02323Fh
add     eax, 1145CF76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 95678A29h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D37EE47Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DFA9A9ACh
sub     eax, 0D1AF9F2Bh
add     eax, 0C843F713h
sub     eax, 6A460F47h
not     eax
sub     eax, 42086314h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 42A5DDD9h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 220DDE3Ah
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0E084BAE5h
add     eax, 4F3F352Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 918C0A19h
xor     eax, 6E1EFC52h
xor     eax, 1430EFD8h
add     eax, 1BCCB1E2h
add     eax, 0DF9CAAB0h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E8B734D2h
add     eax, 0D23D38F5h
add     eax, 7263BD15h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 4CEA3EDEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 1661572Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 385AA900h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 90CC4979h
add     eax, 0CABD1281h
add     eax, 23C93B03h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 25D5FFA0h
add     eax, 428487D1h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 2BFBAB96h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0F9929345h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 5C1DD036h
xor     eax, 1573370Dh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 7F893CCBh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0B2FE222Ch
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 78AA1ED6h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 2627C09Ah
add     eax, 342F3002h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0BD8F7E42h
add     eax, 83EACBBDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 631D7E67h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 9401FE88h
sub     eax, 7CED5885h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 1A55623Fh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0CB0C0CEEh
xor     eax, 3803A38Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B37BF941h
xor     eax, 0A8498C27h
xor     eax, 0D7A73474h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 13DEE3A1h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 5D9EECB6h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0BA088F60h
add     eax, 98D49593h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 52B40F5Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2A0FDD3Eh
xor     eax, 0A629D5E3h
xor     eax, 2AE6FB09h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 30D97409h
xor     eax, 36678DA6h
add     eax, 20D0198Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 9DB8FD52h
add     eax, 1DE52A47h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 5082C18Ch
add     eax, 0F4330686h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0D7BEFBFEh
xor     eax, 15950EDCh
add     eax, 70299DBFh
xor     eax, 17639C38h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 65DC3FE6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3D2AA06Bh
sub     eax, 7C3181D6h
xor     eax, 0E4D8BAF3h
sub     eax, 0DB955730h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 974F2705h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D606BA2Bh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0E881AFFDh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DDADEFCCh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 74F7737Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 88F5D2C8h
sub     eax, 555AE41Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 1E4B92BCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0DAE56FB8h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 8FC3A195h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E821F94h
xor     eax, 7A5F3183h
xor     eax, 0C24D6BE9h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 30649453h
xor     eax, 9305D0F1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B6EAB730h
sub     eax, 0A49A2E00h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CF0D80D7h
xor     eax, 62AEEB7Ah
sub     eax, 623404D8h
add     eax, 0D930F913h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 492A73DEh
add     eax, 0E3A668EDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9876A479h
xor     eax, 0BC297B77h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 3486C897h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BD8E4C14h
xor     eax, 33BD4306h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CB0B5B4Ah
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 24A60057h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 6B636D91h
add     eax, 5AD12FC7h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3D70D0E8h
xor     eax, 0B04A8804h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 558B438Eh
add     eax, 1FFA3350h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 90EC10FFh
sub     eax, 0B405A4B9h
xor     eax, 72BC2EC7h
xor     eax, 7B921A06h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C651082Fh
add     eax, 6DD80E95h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7DD2B58Fh
xor     eax, 3AABEFA5h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 30CB1624h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0A24F9125h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 56287F9Fh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0A122CBE0h
add     eax, 53B503F8h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 39C50542h
add     eax, 0FF184F86h
add     eax, 54DEA515h
xor     eax, 37D0C122h
sub     eax, 0F7E9A74Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E872F148h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 5DBAAFBDh
xor     eax, 432B24C1h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 8359F710h
add     eax, 0C39D5CB6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 93107493h
add     eax, 76B651F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 292FBB89h
add     eax, 7ED88719h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EDA4A22Fh
add     eax, 21DEEAC4h
xor     eax, 3388DC7Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2F3D848Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F55C3018h
not     eax
add     eax, 845F943Eh
add     eax, 83AF49F9h
sub     eax, 0D7DFC776h
xor     eax, 0D1DB438Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 92A822B8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 200A480Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 10D2C88Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0C433FB56h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6A8ED58Ch
sub     eax, 40814003h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 42C29551h
add     eax, 197DD6B9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1573CDB1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3E62C801h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 3931E7ECh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 4F4F9FB1h
sub     eax, 9DE19AE8h
add     eax, 12BD5713h
xor     eax, 0C5606C30h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 1B7F782Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0C5480306h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 832EA409h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 1ADDD030h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 23F57BC2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5B956A7Dh
add     eax, 9A27FAD5h
not     eax
sub     eax, 41F24CA4h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F2CDDEB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 959036F4h
add     eax, 0F789E11Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8796D12Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D97F0270h
add     eax, 4596A6D2h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0C0EDE910h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6F7DB925h
not     eax
add     eax, 20D97C30h
xor     eax, 2523B6CAh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0A79B6ECCh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 80263934h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1924DFCAh
add     eax, 0CA1776C5h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0B1CA30FAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0D56B444Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 18CA40F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 79AF55B5h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0FEBD93CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6C84F937h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0C7C2ED28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BEE8B255h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 25AAE4D2h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 614FB09Dh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 89A8FEDAh
sub     eax, 393269CFh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0E633CC07h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 2963FBC0h
add     eax, 0F0BEC9ADh
sub     eax, 2E367ACBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2289BF28h
sub     eax, 13C8C9EDh
sub     eax, 1D8BABC5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0AF3FB816h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2FC2F296h
sub     eax, 93389A82h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 83A0145Dh
add     eax, 0B573F6ABh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 2B0EF56Ah
add     eax, 0B50B773Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E23746C6h
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0C286F3ADh
add     eax, 0F775664Ah
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 4D41AA87h
add     eax, 36C40DB1h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E9DE2CEEh
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 8AC7712Bh
xor     eax, 0AFF4CA4Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 345C7571h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0E1AE012Dh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0B946CBA4h
sub     eax, 0E5EDC830h
sub     eax, 3491D92Dh
add     eax, 8DF47907h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6BD4348Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D0F1D42Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 14AE1D09h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4B141157h
sub     eax, 0AE1EB4AEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0CEB91250h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0B5746DD7h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0B12D31C3h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 78A8A07Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BC8ED064h
sub     eax, 8128CAA6h
add     eax, 6C671117h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 53177612h
xor     eax, 9EEB5A8Bh
add     eax, 642DDEF1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5F869CCFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 35360DC1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D40D432Fh
xor     eax, 1FC438DAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 5193A394h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 51FD0133h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 93E97185h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 1A78B7E1h
add     eax, 0E778D25Ch
add     eax, 85A3B28Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 22F3CA43h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0DAC1C0F2h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 2053D0FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 2C47696Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D17A25A2h
sub     eax, 3E57C6FEh
sub     eax, 2C5D8128h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0F1A4C82Ch
add     eax, 4C7A3BFAh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 30FB97C9h
sub     eax, 0B8087EEDh
xor     eax, 633B4189h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 8DE5849Eh
add     eax, 0D98A0D71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C6B060A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 33B98B25h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5C08FB25h
add     eax, 0BB7E0C34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 897354FDh
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 86FD5FA9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0DB6F13A0h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 9D2F29B8h
xor     eax, 97FEFCB1h
xor     eax, 6ABFA834h
xor     eax, 450DEF2Ah
sub     eax, 6E786DC7h
add     eax, 0EFD6A106h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 80724E32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 8934F345h
add     eax, 5DFCB3B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7AC15611h
add     eax, 1D6D4368h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0DF948822h
add     eax, 9ACC6C3Ah
add     eax, 0C6F4AD1Fh
add     eax, 0FC1BC7FFh
xor     eax, 0C6CF1677h
sub     eax, 74F4094Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 105264C3h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B1F02A85h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6936987Dh
add     eax, 212A75BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8EE9F799h
sub     eax, 3796A942h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EB136BC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1C7CE80Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C4708AD1h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 58B56927h
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 666DCE1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 205829EDh
xor     eax, 53833B0Eh
sub     eax, 0BA168259h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FA9D1B30h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 97C75F21h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 900A0F2Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C085EB14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4A1066C2h
add     eax, 0D76D4264h
sub     eax, 0E876B0F4h
sub     eax, 0D590EB11h
add     eax, 1008033Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0B4E05728h
add     eax, 0F83B4CA6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A3A0C491h
sub     eax, 0C5B48670h
add     eax, 28414EA4h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 84287AF7h
xor     eax, 0A733EF7Ah
add     eax, 0FBC46A25h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 58BB45A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C5537F9Ah
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BAD94FF8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B7F9A51Dh
add     eax, 5859A6FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 84CC023Dh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F1483EB8h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 9FEE71FAh
sub     eax, 16B146E2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C357BE40h
xor     eax, 57EA2C1Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 2399AF4Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 97F501A8h
sub     eax, 0B81494D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 43CEE3CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D987FC22h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F066D6FEh
add     eax, 0B035E3F8h
xor     eax, 1896B2E7h
sub     eax, 0B1FFAE00h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F22671E7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 310A4685h
xor     eax, 0F2D37BCDh
sub     eax, 8D9F3D0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 9F31659Fh
xor     eax, 0F8DA4F5Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 1F335F61h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E7591A37h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D344BA31h
sub     eax, 808A7AFDh
sub     eax, 0CB199754h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F5F140C4h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8FB233E0h
add     eax, 0ACB6802Dh
add     eax, 31AF3106h
sub     eax, 6F77FE30h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5E8B2048h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D41A8A98h
sub     eax, 0B8764D49h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CA5FB2EDh
add     eax, 9201F459h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 9E642FB1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E01873DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0CD810AEDh
xor     eax, 52404CACh
add     eax, 0B49FCC9Fh
xor     eax, 0DEF8D089h
add     eax, 47DDCDA9h
sub     eax, 0B8209DAAh
sub     eax, 0AF6E1DE0h
add     eax, 0F6F91DA2h
xor     eax, 477F48F7h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 9A78E2DAh
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 172186AFh
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 753EEFB3h
add     eax, 7C2870BAh
xor     eax, 0FC9FFACCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AFC0E79Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 231C2817h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FC1B408Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0E4D0DD18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 83389256h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 9E601DD7h
add     eax, 8B25EA6Eh
sub     eax, 71E5679Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 11BF785Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A046260Bh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 4C6C9CB9h
xor     eax, 56FFF617h
add     eax, 37DD6664h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 77EBE526h
sub     eax, 46DD3F23h
xor     eax, 0B39247D3h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 19C836A3h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 1E7B09E5h
add     eax, 5FAD1D38h
add     eax, 6AE17975h
add     eax, 0F58E2E9Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 68C5EFBCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 32926C72h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B327B03Ch
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D727337Bh
add     eax, 5217ABEAh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A056547Eh
xor     eax, 58CD856Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EE6CC007h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0E3A86C9Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 2E128AD8h
add     eax, 3BBC5A18h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 235261ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9030DF9Eh
add     eax, 6E33E036h
sub     eax, 7A71C864h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E402540Ch
sub     eax, 1AF39DEBh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0C7F323E5h
xor     eax, 3C3989B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BBA0F3B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0A662B693h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E2CC9165h
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 524C3EC3h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0B46A6608h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 7D3F2D39h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 618890F2h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0B7A527F3h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 98CE2677h
xor     eax, 3750769Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C14B677Bh
sub     eax, 7D6D9FF4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0CF0A742Ah
add     eax, 7D8A35B6h
sub     eax, 0D72F5F2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0B4DD8196h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 76CF822Dh
sub     eax, 0D3CE7573h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0A3FB868Ah
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0D01109D8h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 38C6A2D9h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A30BE173h
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E656C7D6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 7E7FD7EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0AFE28671h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 85514320h
add     eax, 0AC052AA3h
sub     eax, 0FDCF4650h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3ADB0CD1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 36C0EA12h
sub     eax, 1572402Ah
add     eax, 856597F8h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AD685E36h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1A127D8Fh
add     eax, 0BF71D542h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 514D81BCh
add     eax, 6F9D0ED7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A3B5CB84h
sub     eax, 0F552149Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 152FA480h
xor     eax, 0D38D666Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 26985B6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 45B7D288h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A29A6A15h
sub     eax, 0F56CA905h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0E2893C4Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 6785AA64h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D5564FCEh
add     eax, 20C7B5F2h
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0ECEF8624h
add     eax, 8D498B40h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0FEFBC30Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 6664F64Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 48F0EC65h
xor     eax, 0D0A2FC1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0AB5D0B60h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0B36EB70Bh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0A03EA067h
xor     eax, 0C003700Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9796E02Fh
sub     eax, 0FEF92C30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BD6D69ACh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8A08C262h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 57609529h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 6B02FC43h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F4E15DD0h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 28CA652Ch
sub     eax, 0EA7E0F7Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 3AD72689h
sub     eax, 0B4AD2E90h
sub     eax, 0CF3277CEh
add     eax, 4A2F0043h
xor     eax, 4DB0A08Ch
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 35CCD2DDh
xor     eax, 8D69D178h
add     eax, 0D010A76Ah
sub     eax, 170EB521h
xor     eax, 0CA2E4949h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 89CF0B44h
add     eax, 5FD0FDD2h
add     eax, 15A9B919h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 29943CF3h
add     eax, 0EF4900C4h
sub     eax, 2709BB86h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F767FF2Bh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 6B0E2982h
xor     eax, 0F4D51895h
sub     eax, 0CB212CF1h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 365B46E3h
add     eax, 0A7BFEC33h
xor     eax, 68C61934h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1AE5DD31h
sub     eax, 99B94E71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0CBF65E97h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 5265EFD7h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0C4BC2D58h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3A45B1B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 957EBD98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C2618D4Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0CF216885h
not     eax
add     eax, 5A4F8145h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4A7A939Fh
xor     eax, 55D4ABF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 79097044h
add     eax, 96661CD2h
add     eax, 4A76A800h
xor     eax, 0C457E98Fh
xor     eax, 8DE75F84h
add     eax, 0CA2F1E9Eh
xor     eax, 3C95DFECh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 14B47FC4h
sub     eax, 0FA7DEC80h
xor     eax, 1F3AFA6Dh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0C676A74Ah
add     eax, 0AF900C05h
sub     eax, 1CD64FEFh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 35E86FABh
not     eax
sub     eax, 24B97355h
sub     eax, 606CF6B8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 75F86070h
sub     eax, 80835EA8h
xor     eax, 0F0D3108Ah
xor     eax, 79F5A7E7h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0A5F3F288h
sub     eax, 66AFD702h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CCE627D0h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 258D23E4h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 62C22DE5h
add     eax, 0E52A41C0h
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0A08DEC2Ch
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6CF96258h
sub     eax, 0EC75AC90h
sub     eax, 561E48CBh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0B2823CF2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E5F504FAh
add     eax, 8E5EE45Ah
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 63323DCEh
not     eax
add     eax, 7E42D1FBh
sub     eax, 16084185h
sub     eax, 21940477h
sub     eax, 0E96914C1h
sub     eax, 9E6A16CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8F28934Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 39204427h
add     eax, 0AA314F95h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0A5B045E3h
add     eax, 6BE285C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C8D98EF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DDA40D57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 67CE1420h
add     eax, 0FDA0FA33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 894E3BDAh
sub     eax, 3F8E8C34h
xor     eax, 8A5821DEh
xor     eax, 0CFA5E69Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7F740754h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 143CDD92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3FFFE22Fh
add     eax, 31C6E864h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1944EFECh
add     eax, 305CF3F0h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F02EED80h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 5324EE08h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 60AE744Bh
sub     eax, 3158821Ch
xor     eax, 0CCBBE594h
sub     eax, 876CFFC9h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 1DA17951h
add     eax, 551A1F43h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0DA5C4AF9h
add     eax, 0E24B8163h
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B9C5F0CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0B7C74A0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4AFDF896h
xor     eax, 7F6F1F2Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 4EA9B157h
sub     eax, 0B034093Bh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B023F408h
sub     eax, 0C723FD8Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3F4C2E82h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8DED7BE5h
xor     eax, 258BCDC0h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 15BD5603h
sub     eax, 1B8AC943h
xor     eax, 0BED40098h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0B97B3BD0h
sub     eax, 0F5477BD7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0D6465CE3h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 6A998C88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D80C5FE0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1F8A9B85h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5EE8F71Bh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0BACA5F3Eh
xor     eax, 4790EC2Ch
sub     eax, 283D5ABAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 4B946795h
add     eax, 0FB1E36F7h
sub     eax, 4B0459FEh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0E7A53E61h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6C837828h
xor     eax, 0A196681Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 83630A33h
sub     eax, 65D304C5h
add     eax, 0B9DBB528h
not     eax
add     eax, 47DE1BE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 6C60619Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 853BBF44h
xor     eax, 64942DD6h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 2C6B69FFh
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 6EA3B444h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 2B720EA6h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 6CD5581Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A60C0750h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A250AD3Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1CB4F950h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D76C88Bh
xor     eax, 0BDBEDD1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 93D99B7Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 7E36DB27h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 7DB99F10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 431CF378h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0E0ED648Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0CA289699h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 3AA40519h
add     eax, 0DA82BB16h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 267189B0h
add     eax, 861BDD7Fh
sub     eax, 0DED1D3F6h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 3496DAEEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0CD750771h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 71E2F7F9h
sub     eax, 8704C5E5h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 296D1546h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6ED6792Fh
sub     eax, 5E4EAF03h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4D2CF420h
xor     eax, 7F1AE928h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F6E263C0h
xor     eax, 6ECF81C9h
add     eax, 70A430D7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 60015D8Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 4BD41C65h
sub     eax, 62126B53h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2C0B47A1h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F1A054B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 83242D98h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 99A797EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 946C0709h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9F991B99h
add     eax, 22AB504Dh
sub     eax, 40BF5A5Ah
sub     eax, 0FD63EF61h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0DF2BD687h
xor     eax, 0F62B8622h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0FE960EB7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 458394FAh
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C1086113h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 48B60725h
not     eax
add     eax, 16CEB01Eh
add     eax, 0DAE77B49h
not     eax
add     eax, 3DD45161h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C9B5FDEFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 180C72EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5155B73Eh
sub     eax, 711C75B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 40813D92h
add     eax, 0D8EF0A0Bh
add     eax, 5BBF9E14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 135A176Eh
add     eax, 8C31DC84h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0BAF58883h
add     eax, 9B3B33C8h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0ED605F1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 99AE2009h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 79D7C7B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
xor     eax, 4509938Ch
add     eax, 1394AEF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E263E2C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0D61FCDBFh
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 69190526h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0C39E39C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 5C7D2B94h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 68D053EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6635C454h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 9428C650h
sub     eax, 0A06C3457h
add     eax, 5C2A06C7h
xor     eax, 541273A4h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 88766E94h
add     eax, 0D40E637Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 33F3EABCh
add     eax, 6DB17C5Eh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 9F6F308Eh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 517610B8h
add     eax, 91AAFBA5h
xor     eax, 0E7F929FDh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 532D1155h
sub     eax, 2FE764D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 68F65947h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 35A0BCA5h
add     eax, 2FFCC0E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0EF9E18FBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 29386BF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 997CD8ADh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 14423801h
xor     eax, 0C9ABFF1Dh
sub     eax, 38FD0607h
add     eax, 361EFEF9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0D2A2ED44h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B4B075DCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4B45BD31h
xor     eax, 39DCCF29h
sub     eax, 0FC4826BAh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0AE1256A9h
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 23303365h
sub     eax, 8012ED2Eh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 2A09DFBFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6447B74Dh
add     eax, 74491B8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 30311CA4h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0C13B8D0Ah
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0EB033221h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0B88500E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 90507539h
add     eax, 0E0B52374h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0A79ED4D2h
xor     eax, 1B6041A3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EC92743Ch
xor     eax, 0EAA5D5C4h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 72709A89h
xor     eax, 588FD842h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 88F7147Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 558A10CAh
xor     eax, 5E5E6D79h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C3591A92h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 41049100h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 75D9D1B0h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 4BCB2624h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 941F146Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 83836742h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5E43F289h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 85E6CA5Eh
add     eax, 63381C05h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0F5C1E24Ah
add     eax, 0E7836558h
xor     eax, 0E49A63D2h
xor     eax, 1E801628h
xor     eax, 0B2A027B3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BEC5B960h
xor     eax, 387492F2h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 561634E2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 3A3C2916h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0DDB0219Eh
add     eax, 2CD97BE1h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 55E49C7Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0CA1D9ACBh
add     eax, 437DCE20h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C304F561h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 2A2C33D6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 894B2924h
sub     eax, 0DC1E86BBh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BEADC436h
add     eax, 373CEEE4h
sub     eax, 7030E13Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 5592FF8Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AF210B1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 890B576Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 93E32F91h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 927AA295h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4AE135F1h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 8B0C695Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0DE32EC40h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 509D63B7h
add     eax, 14C87D6Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0D2AE1382h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 5F3547F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 4B8E376Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 0DBB7C8BDh
add     eax, 55CC5F48h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 4BE19B00h
xor     eax, 1F0DE6E8h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0B0B3E0ABh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0ABACAAB5h
add     eax, 0BDA657F0h
xor     eax, 713CEFFDh
add     eax, 0BE2BAE88h
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BDC3741Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 3E29753Fh
add     eax, 0E342B98Ch
add     eax, 8CD15551h
add     eax, 0C287C6F7h
add     eax, 8B078E86h
xor     eax, 0BB91EDA1h
sub     eax, 0D7E01E30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7F068311h
add     eax, 0A8DC0501h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 74FF8F7Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B41C9D56h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 900C9362h
add     eax, 661EDD75h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C44A5B81h
sub     eax, 0C60EAB9Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 43CBE067h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EC6325E3h
add     eax, 7BC9B222h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1C23D164h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 84448993h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9E2E401Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0DE1E3BA9h
xor     eax, 0BF90C44Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0ADEBE91Eh
xor     eax, 0F854C3B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 2C6D262Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0B8BAB58Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0F49A4C72h
add     eax, 67060D6Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 239C52CDh
xor     eax, 0F2F4421Dh
add     eax, 925DDAE5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CC5DC86Ah
xor     eax, 0FA818144h
add     eax, 587F39C6h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 87328C0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 88602BA1h
sub     eax, 59E8116Eh
add     eax, 0E3F2E412h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 27F39423h
add     eax, 82AA5530h
add     eax, 32D8C95Bh
sub     eax, 0D36C9F08h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 9105456Ch
sub     eax, 70257486h
sub     eax, 0D87D5D28h
xor     eax, 45AF8F8Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C4545C8Dh
xor     eax, 52547D2Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0C72882ADh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0EC5CE613h
add     eax, 0DC56BF59h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 48016584h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D9EAE6CAh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AE14A2A8h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A56AC0C7h
add     eax, 2B8BEBCDh
add     eax, 0B93892BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AC7DB68Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 72D66A7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F0223BB0h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0FB13B796h
xor     eax, 468AC57Ah
sub     eax, 0DB4BEB06h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 9E5458FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3E709720h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9B6B8D16h
xor     eax, 94B65515h
add     eax, 0D7921877h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 24ABEF1Fh
xor     eax, 0A3523D58h
xor     eax, 4DA95514h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2047B10Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0C37198D1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C5DB3AECh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E784A5CFh
xor     eax, 3B41E63Fh
sub     eax, 9C827259h
xor     eax, 37EC971Dh
add     eax, 0CBE260D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 9682F698h
add     eax, 932D53A7h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A8E873A4h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0AA307390h
add     eax, 0B9BA9E83h
add     eax, 403E49B3h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 60CEE381h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AB56A4E5h
add     eax, 8D8FAABEh
sub     eax, 0BDCAF97Ah
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3A5386DBh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 9A82E6C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 916D02E4h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0F3223FB0h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D9BD9601h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0D24152F3h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0F377382Dh
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 364AD83Eh
sub     eax, 0E195247Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2B806CF2h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 957E63B7h
add     eax, 24FC6C2Eh
sub     eax, 21007C9Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 387ABBC6h
add     eax, 0F29AFA48h
add     eax, 95D6F9CBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0D19E2FBAh
add     eax, 677FFBACh
xor     eax, 6C522CE2h
xor     eax, 0C3118278h
sub     eax, 0B3D5737Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 70E2C335h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 38982895h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 261B76BCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 34E89C1Dh
sub     eax, 6EAD7053h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F2180FAEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3F7AC7CEh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0D1B37236h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1F4109A7h
xor     eax, 371DFC7Ch
sub     eax, 0DD7DA94Ch
xor     eax, 0F3AC48EAh
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 6DFBE529h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0E7C20014h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 549730FCh
xor     eax, 0E09EFF64h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 79381B09h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 79D0D1BAh
sub     eax, 0A26B158Bh
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0B1A46B69h
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EF392B0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6FAA6825h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A5754F84h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 94349A72h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 2C0837F1h
xor     eax, 0D3AE632Ah
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 28F53CAFh
sub     eax, 5E3E449Bh
xor     eax, 0C503C569h
add     eax, 1E0DBE9Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0BAA0AB93h
sub     eax, 5E076FF5h
add     eax, 77CF136Dh
xor     eax, 0E6614AABh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 43BC7A64h
sub     eax, 0DD556478h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 9D6E62BDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3A9C776Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F46453E0h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 7059023Dh
sub     eax, 3B7DF6D4h
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F55DCBBAh
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0F4A4E467h
add     eax, 56285DAAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 67B9F30Dh
sub     eax, 0C07E9CDFh
xor     eax, 398A737Fh
sub     eax, 0A7BD67FFh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 7D697086h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B94FDBC4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7010AA7Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 64DBE472h
sub     eax, 0B564DB78h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 6A3B8E39h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 991533F1h
sub     eax, 46BE08F3h
add     eax, 0BB914DDAh
xor     eax, 5E4DE050h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 96487823h
sub     eax, 0F2E64EF2h
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0A7DB259Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EC1E4EBBh
xor     eax, 0B10FA27Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D1BD3672h
add     eax, 7B50CC42h
sub     eax, 0BB3C154Ch
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 294693EFh
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 47E62A7Fh
sub     eax, 2A8BC086h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 787ADEBAh
xor     eax, 0AED7B36Fh
xor     eax, 0F3B9E9D9h
sub     eax, 2ED297D8h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0B75E3D76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8146762Fh
sub     eax, 0F0C45520h
add     eax, 0A916E9A4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0C15F31CDh
add     eax, 0FB1EA0A2h
xor     eax, 5ADC9D9Ah
add     eax, 2F7FDCE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A0FD3F67h
xor     eax, 645C5081h
sub     eax, 30017E10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ECC1887Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 5BA00195h
xor     eax, 46D6F601h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B78B2677h
sub     eax, 5363F6D8h
xor     eax, 4C2FCC76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A1484393h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0EF3BAA4Ah
xor     eax, 3170B103h
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 93E8993Ah
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0E32B0932h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B3BABD7Eh
sub     eax, 0DF45AF8Fh
sub     eax, 603544F5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0BDFC3BB4h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 864A37FDh
add     eax, 45BB51C7h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 50A3C7B9h
sub     eax, 65C0FCBDh
xor     eax, 0E26C0C47h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0B95CC4D0h
not     eax
add     eax, 38FA53D3h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0DB44ED14h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0B796347Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 6169BAB3h
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 7D954FE5h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 7FB4D9F8h
sub     eax, 241A2AEDh
add     eax, 0EAE1FC8Bh
sub     eax, 7DF17304h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0D5780B30h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 87E9A3C5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 22D51739h
xor     eax, 0B358D38Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 98982310h
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0D6491150h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4DFD5863h
add     eax, 0ECD5E137h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0B88D494Fh
add     eax, 7146937Bh
xor     eax, 4A8EB7D7h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 7C50FCD6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D605CA8Ch
add     eax, 8CBF9B4Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 86D8F79Ah
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0C4D88E6Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B28407Ah
xor     eax, 0B25B01A4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0F4B2A9A1h
sub     eax, 83A847C0h
add     eax, 82EA095Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6E4B2E00h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C91308FBh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 570978FCh
xor     eax, 7FA37B8Ah
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 334EA9F2h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0C641173Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AE9DD57Ch
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 95A46EEAh
sub     eax, 71163B8Dh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0EC460F7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 74D1A06Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FC8F0E70h
sub     eax, 0FB5EA167h
xor     eax, 0A81D8815h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E91CF282h
xor     eax, 592E791Eh
add     eax, 0F30E1E6Eh
sub     eax, 6C992BDBh
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 4C06ED14h
add     eax, 0F7238EF5h
add     eax, 95D8FB0Ch
xor     eax, 0E15FAC87h
xor     eax, 9B764016h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0C4094F1Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4E5C7F8Ch
xor     eax, 691EF27Dh
xor     eax, 337BFE84h
add     eax, 421B1563h
sub     eax, 0FB2D811Ch
add     eax, 44A563ADh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 53877680h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C212ACADh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 43B581E1h
add     eax, 0CE78E9A6h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 1FF0E3BFh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BCCA14B4h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 7ACD25A1h
sub     eax, 29BDB9FFh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B07A8870h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0C906CBFEh
sub     eax, 2E0705D9h
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0D5567739h
xor     eax, 3B869799h
sub     eax, 0D8E831A7h
xor     eax, 0BB3F5F96h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 8036D5F2h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 8D084607h
add     eax, 0B9A468E1h
xor     eax, 0CBC07AAFh
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0EA3A18F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 70EB90B0h
xor     eax, 0B1E4C153h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 7512C02Eh
sub     eax, 3A941704h
sub     eax, 295A6E04h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B8ACF4FDh
sub     eax, 3E1A8BE8h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0E2D2FF3Eh
xor     eax, 0E4CD2910h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 857D3DDEh
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0AB00DEC7h
add     eax, 75B38834h
add     eax, 9F1A5268h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 92C99E2Bh
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 5C36CD71h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EBE36480h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AFD2D7A4h
sub     eax, 0D54015BBh
sub     eax, 2B6766CBh
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0FF30C0D5h
sub     eax, 0CC3E0181h
sub     eax, 0E212E6DAh
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5B7C7CB0h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 9DC2EF0Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A14EE8E5h
xor     eax, 0AD43460Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 8048E8D7h
xor     eax, 0A03ACD30h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0D4BE91BCh
xor     eax, 0B6D106DFh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9A41F519h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4015454Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FE2D52DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4627DBC8h
sub     eax, 15C08AFCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E3FDF971h
xor     eax, 6B49164Dh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6DF6BA88h
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 91043800h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FAF8F496h
xor     eax, 827A941Ah
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F2A076ADh
sub     eax, 0AF447FB7h
xor     eax, 0A6FA3E17h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F0F1C915h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ECE86DC8h
xor     eax, 0E8F22006h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F2309CA9h
xor     eax, 1FF15737h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 75DA845Dh
sub     eax, 0EED38C37h
sub     eax, 73B622B3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A3677F49h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BFDEB7A6h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0FF8C79B7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EEF51CA4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E8D1A6F7h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 29943FEAh
xor     eax, 0B6B6E161h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 5662BACCh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0B418E662h
xor     eax, 740897D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 11700132h
add     eax, 43E39FC4h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 8A477587h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0F3E697BBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 72CFFD1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 87287902h
sub     eax, 41C64D21h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 48434BBFh
add     eax, 936DE2B7h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 6186603Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9EE4FA07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C6F0A7D5h
add     eax, 0B4A77250h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BC0A7038h
not     eax
sub     eax, 609E47A5h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 44E2A1CFh
add     eax, 0FC0D266Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0F53215EEh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 79538561h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0CC2267D3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 83F4B4F7h
xor     eax, 94719B26h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0B583B225h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 22575D48h
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0C8D4DC4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 36A50C36h
xor     eax, 0D087CB29h
sub     eax, 7104F8FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D516FC97h
add     eax, 0CBA911EDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 11210FF4h
add     eax, 21B92635h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4260FF1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 1B0651EAh
add     eax, 8F6ADD92h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0E8B3C806h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0EF9628FBh
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 7D7ED990h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 8D4A5D5Ah
sub     eax, 6659C05Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 825B5686h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 8FF92A38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8349D28Dh
sub     eax, 0A3E17D7Ah
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 7E7F07D2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B4B1E5BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 4920AEE4h
add     eax, 0AC6CCFB7h
xor     eax, 0A0896B32h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 3D914A37h
add     eax, 827C5A47h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 714FA6FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A87517A6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 12198962h
not     eax
add     eax, 17E8FB14h
add     eax, 37E2CBE7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 709A80C7h
add     eax, 113834BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 9E7A29ABh
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0FC07556Dh
sub     eax, 0DFF0BBA2h
sub     eax, 0BA390634h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 36942BE9h
sub     eax, 963FB1D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 4226218Ch
add     eax, 3766F0CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0E5C294DFh
xor     eax, 6605FAAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0D5BB4635h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 2DD105C3h
add     eax, 0F4B5E377h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B60672FFh
add     eax, 50FA781Fh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 93241537h
add     eax, 44810806h
sub     eax, 0FE598A2Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 9792C1E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BD985D4Eh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 12AE1607h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0DBD8AB79h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 28EC6474h
add     eax, 0CAC62F5Ch
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0D174C5EAh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 8A984DE5h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 35B84930h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D31F7910h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 294FB5C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C32D9786h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 43148BA7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BA50412Ch
xor     eax, 0B0E7057Dh
xor     eax, 0B69796EAh
xor     eax, 26F10EC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5C52FA8Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0ECA82A47h
xor     eax, 0BAD2273Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FEF10544h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 5B174CA2h
xor     eax, 8A3885D1h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0FEE1403Ch
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A0FA65D6h
not     eax
add     eax, 9D75A045h
sub     eax, 20E3FBA1h
add     eax, 56684064h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B86D5104h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 7D8A8F91h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 9BBDB772h
sub     eax, 5BA1B60Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A5018982h
add     eax, 879F75CDh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0DD14D4EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0FCACC846h
sub     eax, 4A07C743h
sub     eax, 39B33A57h
sub     eax, 9B5845EEh
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0FCE1C831h
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 117AD8ADh
sub     eax, 1B04ACB1h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 7E6289C7h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 983BC811h
not     eax
add     eax, 31607C85h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0AD06AB35h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0C70FBF0Ah
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 599F8818h
add     eax, 6C187A57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2999C7DFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E43037E1h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 20868533h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 8EE5B5B6h
xor     eax, 0CE305EDEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D2D5DAC7h
add     eax, 54A2E59Ah
sub     eax, 9BC2D775h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0BB7C0997h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 94EBAA83h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0ED339DC2h
sub     eax, 0FACBE521h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0E9DEF3DBh
not     eax
add     eax, 3F0E6C46h
not     eax
add     eax, 19233F24h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7D9C4CB0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 36A3789Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6C5F8B6Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 6FB3D182h
add     eax, 6A1554AAh
sub     eax, 5A47CB5Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF834242h
sub     eax, 0A989A2DDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 19796968h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 25B48F32h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0F110B6E2h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 1AAA5BF1h
add     eax, 4BC58115h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F6CBA5F5h
xor     eax, 6DB3B543h
xor     eax, 45377313h
add     eax, 4ADE1298h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 157CDBE4h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 275C0712h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 239860E8h
add     eax, 6B6975FFh
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 5EA4ECE8h
sub     eax, 2E170558h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A50F8388h
sub     eax, 0A7700D50h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 74FD9136h
add     eax, 814B8D77h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 71510A3Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 423E62E1h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 2BEEEF35h
add     eax, 0CC5E9ECCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0F636AAB3h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 7BAF3144h
add     eax, 0FB11DEEDh
sub     eax, 0F14D878Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2D943F8Fh
sub     eax, 170C1698h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0DE192047h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0E2DC56D6h
xor     eax, 32337D4Fh
xor     eax, 3393F142h
add     eax, 3914047Bh
add     eax, 0B487FF10h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C6FB9D94h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 15ECEC9Fh
add     eax, 0C8CE3E23h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 9D4A31D0h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0A640A6BFh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 7AB337A5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E2C6FBC8h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C0200B69h
xor     eax, 916BDDFCh
add     eax, 0E7E88325h
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0AE3D5729h
sub     eax, 79D55EDFh
not     eax
add     eax, 81732DF5h
sub     eax, 0A307FED7h
xor     eax, 0CCD6E62Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 796B9F7Bh
xor     eax, 14F6A49Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 437BC328h
sub     eax, 0FBD89033h
xor     eax, 11A1FDD0h
xor     eax, 0AA69C86Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 95EAB6A2h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 87F9B42Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 3AB97E67h
add     eax, 0B52D2493h
sub     eax, 0A5F63B1Dh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3703B175h
xor     eax, 0FE62B99Dh
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B29D45C4h
add     eax, 84C80DCDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A26D0B8Dh
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 38E48F5Bh
sub     eax, 2F66CAF8h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 3DE5E751h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 258EE131h
sub     eax, 0A703183Fh
xor     eax, 52768653h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0C78CAA8Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2C996E1Ch
add     eax, 68C5F2E8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 8A8C7474h
sub     eax, 0B570012Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 99178208h
sub     eax, 33DD7032h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0B1887051h
sub     eax, 0E463725Ch
xor     eax, 8923722Ah
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 3EC112E9h
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 4F2E68EAh
xor     eax, 7C3BE1E2h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0E749FB1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0C38420C7h
xor     eax, 6A9C90E4h
xor     eax, 0CE0377FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 6A616693h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E68C8BA8h
add     eax, 0F7E4DEAFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 410C0105h
add     eax, 9E363400h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8274F410h
xor     eax, 3C82A533h
xor     eax, 9BEA44C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 50B06852h
sub     eax, 0A76D0A01h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 0F8F32B3Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 74B0F40Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 81B1A0C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4EEF63B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E38DF666h
not     eax
xor     eax, 7580CA28h
xor     eax, 1E7CC1F7h
sub     eax, 0C3439825h
not     eax
sub     eax, 761A5A72h
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 8EE65B90h
add     eax, 202E7419h
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 51DFDB3Eh
add     eax, 0C2A02FF5h
xor     eax, 0FD246CC3h
xor     eax, 3E9AD181h
xor     eax, 0B2A96F60h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 38048B0Ch
add     eax, 0D3904A94h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 9EB06078h
xor     eax, 1659EB50h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 2684A998h
add     eax, 108480A5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EDE5306Ah
xor     eax, 6DB39319h
xor     eax, 9B908055h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 56648CF1h
sub     eax, 0A69E4A75h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 391B3483h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CDD14E92h
add     eax, 0CDB61C7Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 81D9E8C2h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 23C76C15h
add     eax, 77AF6B09h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4A208284h
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 5CDEEE47h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA1C32E3h
xor     eax, 60875C15h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 7633E167h
sub     eax, 6EBE31FCh
add     eax, 0C07DF7D4h
add     eax, 0E176FE32h
add     eax, 0DAAD7372h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 32A7CCE1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E099B08h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0ACB94F29h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EE401521h
sub     eax, 0B5FAB855h
xor     eax, 2BD66598h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 4FAFA6A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 3BBE1284h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 37609DC5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D73384CCh
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F0A650EBh
add     eax, 0B58142F7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0D2B5FF36h
sub     eax, 0B588289Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F14AB818h
xor     eax, 370DB8D1h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 4E171891h
xor     eax, 66934940h
add     eax, 60BC42DFh
xor     eax, 0BF745C6Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D1470F85h
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0BD648E5Dh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 8EB69B05h
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0D10F8385h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3C2CFD0Fh
xor     eax, 68A06F4Bh
sub     eax, 617B3C1Bh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 99C3850Ch
sub     eax, 0EF3E00BCh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 4CE2BFCEh
add     eax, 94B634D1h
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0E00247BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5FD6B51Fh
xor     eax, 984E8C92h
xor     eax, 8B533F17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1CD626B3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EDB2F456h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AFFBAFD4h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 913E2BEDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 432DED16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0A8742219h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A4F99235h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 7E6C1C01h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0A7489D7Ch
sub     eax, 48601A50h
xor     eax, 0F67E008Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 285F0EAEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 35C9A44Ah
xor     eax, 0A52A2265h
sub     eax, 8322D5EEh
xor     eax, 33BB47B7h
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 6122EA62h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 36991B22h
sub     eax, 0EEB4E29Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3FC59F54h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 9F1C3C5Ah
add     eax, 0F2EBACB8h
xor     eax, 38F8C529h
xor     eax, 88F55C4Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 2848802Ch
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 46D3F252h
sub     eax, 0C2DB97DAh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 65560123h
xor     eax, 0D50A23E0h
sub     eax, 0D6B7AE0Ch
add     eax, 0B68D294Fh
xor     eax, 41DB99D3h
sub     eax, 20C1B69Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D80E4A9h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 9460F235h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1F5E69E6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1F013C7Bh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 6B129154h
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 57F5B1D8h
sub     eax, 5173EEEDh
add     eax, 0D35E671Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E25BE0ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 9199716Eh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 9C078EF2h
add     eax, 0CB075C73h
sub     eax, 0E6E70D0Eh
add     eax, 0B86F2B20h
sub     eax, 39A7F8A2h
not     eax
add     eax, 86ACE132h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E546D83Eh
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 786A45A9h
xor     eax, 7736D144h
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 72BA7AA5h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0D127A937h
add     eax, 73CE37FDh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 69D1F103h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FE15AAB2h
sub     eax, 66BFE1E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3C35026Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F66D2725h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 5635E5D0h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 876A983Ch
sub     eax, 9433AB1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8962079Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 544F15E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 7969DD1Eh
xor     eax, 463F5C11h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0FC044A76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1DF3E8F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0D608EF3Fh
sub     eax, 0E687CA3Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 197A49B3h
xor     eax, 3292E66Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F8C397E8h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 102B884Dh
xor     eax, 796C4EE1h
sub     eax, 307D76D6h
sub     eax, 0EF6EBB64h
sub     eax, 0A80FC53Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 88479D68h
add     eax, 81C618EDh
add     eax, 182D8EC7h
sub     eax, 96C817CBh
add     eax, 0B76F6695h
sub     eax, 6BB49136h
sub     eax, 21292F0Eh
xor     eax, 0AFA827EAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8A7DE5EAh
not     eax
add     eax, 0E5C454A1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 5512F348h
xor     eax, 31049E1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 69852566h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FFA2D60Fh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0BE6D734Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0E5618ED7h
xor     eax, 486BD66Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 6E8890F0h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 7A18FDF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 53A2FF85h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 12282106h
sub     eax, 0DE205B97h
sub     eax, 0D8687DF6h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0D0042DD1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0D7437C54h
xor     eax, 5C1E10F9h
xor     eax, 0C6E9A70Dh
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0E9F4B624h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5D8C15E2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 750E5E76h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DEB1F1B2h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 17BD2345h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 5282D509h
xor     eax, 85EADB0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0DDC1E2FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F62F4837h
xor     eax, 0E16280B2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2B502348h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 7A1D6850h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0ED161355h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 2E83727Dh
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 4109A4CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
sub     eax, 65A05100h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 2AD1D100h
add     eax, 2FD10456h
sub     eax, 8C66DD3Eh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0D1522A58h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0E936235Ch
sub     eax, 0E4F38A7Ch
add     eax, 76A1481Ah
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 50CEFE6Ah
add     eax, 3B21B5F3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 32A1D93Ch
xor     eax, 3CA5CE4Bh
xor     eax, 0F5E01EB4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B33D555Fh
xor     eax, 0C37CC83Dh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0ACA5327Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 9FDD4ACAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CC5860C0h
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C7D172D7h
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0AFD3E430h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DB63C79Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 746B2D59h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 65C1A4CCh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E26900F6h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 11DD30F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C01ED24Eh
xor     eax, 43547CE5h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2866CBE0h
xor     eax, 1DAF73CBh
add     eax, 5E7D9029h
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B64DA3AAh
xor     eax, 842C82EEh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1047DF3Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FCB3DA28h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0C8E507DFh
add     eax, 602D5DEFh
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 7DB08882h
add     eax, 7329A1DDh
sub     eax, 322A0625h
sub     eax, 0B3FD2A89h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 65268A89h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0CB46EC31h
sub     eax, 8BAB4BC8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BD1B28BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B540D58Dh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 45D22640h
xor     eax, 4D44ADBBh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 53AC6933h
not     eax
xor     eax, 34F95C90h
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1FAC86A2h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 223EB4BFh
sub     eax, 22806AD5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B83F0A71h
sub     eax, 0AD33DCA4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D335D05Eh
sub     eax, 0C9F0C8CEh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0BCF91631h
add     eax, 0D71D49BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 30C7CD62h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4CD88070h
sub     eax, 0CF326C53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7482C5DCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 48183D7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 9169968Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 14A1FD2Ch
sub     eax, 0B0BD94DBh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 125A06C6h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0AE9C9A71h
sub     eax, 1501E31Fh
xor     eax, 9AD5C521h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 5B379F1Eh
add     eax, 9C5A98FEh
add     eax, 0C6F90662h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 50875C16h
xor     eax, 0E01B835Bh
add     eax, 58565235h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C379D3C5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0E7140386h
sub     eax, 4A33F3E6h
xor     eax, 0F35CDC3Eh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7FB2BDAEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E3FEE4F9h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 8C92C6EFh
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BAFE04B1h
xor     eax, 2B3C3331h
sub     eax, 6B04403Bh
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 7FCD3F8Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 30CA09D6h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0D6D497F9h
sub     eax, 5AE095DBh
xor     eax, 2596DBF2h
sub     eax, 8DBBBE6Ch
add     eax, 0D0BA4447h
add     eax, 1EF1FEA6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2E5EE0D1h
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 63E9E80Dh
add     eax, 4ACBD96Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1590FCF5h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 3CE4A3A2h
sub     eax, 0C849DB2Fh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 55EEF1CDh
xor     eax, 10DB8B48h
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 698AE044h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 80FFD71Eh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 97AA74E9h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3DC09581h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 59BF946Eh
xor     eax, 8FA29D1Ah
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0B7016E78h
sub     eax, 0B91B819Bh
sub     eax, 22693AC4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 3E083840h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0C733EB36h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 1B3A4455h
add     eax, 30BAF3EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0E5B4E4E2h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0FC66AABFh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 579CC0EFh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 9BBF94DBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B9BED6F4h
add     eax, 0D159936Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 272AD1FAh
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B59634C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 75CF591Ch
sub     eax, 3CF08A78h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4FAE8453h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0D3BAAE2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 24F03E24h
not     eax
add     eax, 848F055Eh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0C351E768h
sub     eax, 56738F83h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0C5E6EE28h
xor     eax, 0DB9261AAh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0AAEA6543h
sub     eax, 0DCA09051h
sub     eax, 37317C17h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 7ABE28A5h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0F467430Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 94A0E656h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0FD3C1F64h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 4FDC3579h
add     eax, 67AE73C2h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 8CC14F2Ah
add     eax, 0DA3DE911h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 224B12E2h
xor     eax, 4BF47E22h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 2E1A5D57h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
sub     eax, 51236B6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 3A5ACF9Dh
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0E66EE6DCh
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 7B2F2248h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 7D4FCFE4h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 12F010D5h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1993316Ch
add     eax, 859FD733h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 3A33DD61h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 2306A7F7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2C79C82Dh
xor     eax, 678866E2h
sub     eax, 0F41D5DFFh
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0D5B3932Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0FA576B74h
add     eax, 0FF1E9A71h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0FA359004h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 48E74A74h
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 902E0E77h
xor     eax, 503F5562h
sub     eax, 71A2FAC7h
not     eax
add     eax, 239BC90Bh
xor     eax, 0A1B27105h
sub     eax, 8EF5F4D7h
add     eax, 0C8364063h
sub     eax, 1A7D1024h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BE6DD8AAh
add     eax, 0E1A20AEEh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0D5348491h
sub     eax, 8B52FBE8h
not     eax
add     eax, 0D387315Ch
xor     eax, 60F7E828h
xor     eax, 8C813E1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 745A28D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 78E80BB6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1B95947Ah
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0AF4B65AFh
sub     eax, 903EEC63h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 51A00026h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0B265B6CDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B18C5164h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E0C98CCDh
add     eax, 2D93782Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 10562C72h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C76F251Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A115928h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7484678Fh
xor     eax, 72704D00h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 435D8CF9h
sub     eax, 0BB5C1EABh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 79FDB83Ch
sub     eax, 2708880Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 730C93A7h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 6B1BEB85h
xor     eax, 0C67B9317h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8EA365A1h
add     eax, 83ADE7DDh
add     eax, 2B49B227h
sub     eax, 0B3B6EE5Fh
sub     eax, 0A2F719D5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 278022E5h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0A72AC9C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2732165Bh
add     eax, 1E45BE65h
add     eax, 0F422851Fh
xor     eax, 1BC2F4F5h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 896D5AA1h
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0FB581849h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C5A0832h
sub     eax, 4A9E0BFAh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 17CBC539h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6FCE74EAh
xor     eax, 0A7B3571Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
sub     eax, 40E86C64h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 0AF702434h
sub     eax, 4E0CD16Bh
add     eax, 9DB0C62Fh
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0CC05B32Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 7E976EEFh
add     eax, 8DFA645Eh
add     eax, 989A603Dh
add     eax, 0E4763E8Dh
xor     eax, 6B227338h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0D90C1D64h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 0FD1C4120h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A20092FEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9A657554h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 686878DBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 343F2612h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0F3576E81h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EEF00BA9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 79904F2Ch
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 36150F71h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0A6AE885Ch
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1D131BBDh
add     eax, 4426BBD2h
add     eax, 1D16D0F9h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 29B8CE52h
add     eax, 0D1C93BE6h
add     eax, 3BEEAF99h
add     eax, 637411ACh
sub     eax, 93EF1652h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0B2B8495Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CA6EDF6Ah
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0F2C13039h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 92CA277Fh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0F9B0BB5Ch
add     eax, 0BF3BB54Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3723DCEFh
add     eax, 0C946B476h
not     eax
sub     eax, 6D0C4096h
sub     eax, 0F0999E92h
xor     eax, 7C8F9093h
xor     eax, 5CE7A9E4h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8E07664Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 1BE76C79h
xor     eax, 95C6297Ah
sub     eax, 2876FCE1h
sub     eax, 1AB3B390h
xor     eax, 0E4224500h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 712EEB88h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0FC833435h
add     eax, 68012319h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0C88CB95Ch
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2F42AD01h
sub     eax, 6621D207h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0EEE90681h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 1E6E3D46h
sub     eax, 105D330Ch
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0D5B1C8B1h
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0AD200F55h
sub     eax, 0C726000Ah
add     eax, 935CABD5h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 31712984h
xor     eax, 7CD31C8Bh
add     eax, 9A66CC5Bh
sub     eax, 0C75A55B1h
xor     eax, 1F0C4F83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 154579B6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 2EDDA8B7h
sub     eax, 34C56951h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0D2401632h
add     eax, 506F7219h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F79E9EFFh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0C22FEDA9h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B888E97Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E5FB2707h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 8758D3F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 73C2B7F5h
not     eax
add     eax, 7B07119Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9F8FA489h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0CD998EE5h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 15F6F405h
not     eax
add     eax, 41F3B3F7h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5AFC4F37h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0A8BCE5C9h
sub     eax, 0CD1EF3A9h
not     eax
add     eax, 3C0AF102h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 439FA10Fh
xor     eax, 0C2A8B7DAh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CD361105h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E1033BB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 4532B6FBh
sub     eax, 9835AE80h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DC023C85h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0C8C1423Eh
xor     eax, 3EE44256h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0C9117F92h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 45CF6450h
xor     eax, 249FEC52h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 70197874h
add     eax, 3BFB56E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 89490240h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 68EDE7CFh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 41421CF4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 68FED9F6h
sub     eax, 84F8880Bh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 71BBDBDDh
sub     eax, 4CD4C511h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C878EE16h
add     eax, 46E48E81h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 2EDB69C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 97D8C217h
add     eax, 3589B60Ch
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 2D043092h
sub     eax, 4D14E7D1h
sub     eax, 0AAD93C75h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0DECD5929h
sub     eax, 21C3549Ch
add     eax, 0A1F59B85h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0FFEF944Eh
add     eax, 0A55BCB4Dh
sub     eax, 7DDC40D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EF3B6289h
xor     eax, 2C735D2Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F792D800h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D44675CBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C75B218Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B4D7B381h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EDC211B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E4F636C5h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0B12CD663h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 91EBE1CEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4452A28Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5B7F832Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CE8D60B3h
sub     eax, 4432C7A1h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 578B40B8h
add     eax, 48DFDD4Eh
add     eax, 2B178345h
add     eax, 1881954Bh
xor     eax, 542026E5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 86498F9Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0D863D366h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0C3EA6162h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0C619992Ah
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 5BECD409h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0D11AC196h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 625F1B4Fh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 454DEBE7h
xor     eax, 31180216h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0EE3040F8h
add     eax, 63098B22h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0A1D61949h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9BF62C46h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 3A0251E4h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0D7E7FE67h
xor     eax, 37CFF5C6h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 5E477B45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 2FE770FFh
xor     eax, 0E79D3D91h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A45A83B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 343D30E5h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0C4354B35h
sub     eax, 417C9658h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EEC3E40Bh
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0A2FA71E2h
xor     eax, 0BD39D146h
sub     eax, 565DE844h
xor     eax, 622BCDD0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 9FE9F4CAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E51039FEh
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0B993662Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 49CD0E98h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 45015CBDh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0CCEF20E3h
add     eax, 4DA7CF74h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A393235Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 71913965h
xor     eax, 36F64493h
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FB25B673h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 65B415D3h
xor     eax, 0BE3545BDh
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 9CA41BC3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A4EFFC6Ah
xor     eax, 0FB639E1Ch
sub     eax, 0CD1BEA4Ch
xor     eax, 6523BFDAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6185FAB8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0EF9504D1h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 5AE125C4h
sub     eax, 0F7C61093h
not     eax
add     eax, 429B4797h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 6B39942Ch
add     eax, 9FCF1ACCh
xor     eax, 3F92CB45h
sub     eax, 0A7BD8395h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 86B2C366h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 8FEAE947h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6A84376Ah
xor     eax, 15EA6B1Fh
xor     eax, 4B1C3D4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 97A2D262h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 5C04E0FFh
xor     eax, 4DFABCE8h
add     eax, 0C106EBA3h
sub     eax, 0E0CDDA28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E62BEA41h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0CBC85C72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 296597E7h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CC193E46h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 33F0E191h
sub     eax, 0D4E894F4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 71E58817h
add     eax, 0D9F42305h
add     eax, 2BED535Ch
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 8B8F4C60h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0FC779D31h
xor     eax, 0FA6960B6h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 32FEBE61h
add     eax, 0D1ACEF59h
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0D73E4614h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 8FF04FE5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 321A1FCBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3A4F2F43h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 2016A3D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 34C907C4h
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5DA0135Eh
xor     eax, 0B7D834C2h
add     eax, 0D0000EE4h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 77492C62h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4D980C8Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B4D23FBEh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 6B7E9584h
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 2A8491C4h
xor     eax, 0D2E6D9E5h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CD103883h
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 1233CFE8h
add     eax, 132B7058h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 184AEB8Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 7FD1BB60h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B8EAD5D9h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 64151AD6h
xor     eax, 9D310526h
sub     eax, 9362A8FFh
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0DEE7D361h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 436050EFh
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 687A5D3Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 798DDE04h
xor     eax, 0A3808FFAh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 4135810Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5A73426Ch
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 69603B0Ah
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0BDA910CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 36B4ECB6h
sub     eax, 7E3E8CD9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4979BFBAh
add     eax, 5A782586h
add     eax, 1CE1B45Bh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7212D978h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A6F38D3Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 30B5DF8Fh
add     eax, 0CBC78307h
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7F38833Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F796E153h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6ED8DCFEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9BFDA9BEh
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 7D688EFBh
xor     eax, 0EE683D4Bh
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3419CB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 534455A2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 24B13F60h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 6258A5E9h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 16B93033h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 6A32F332h
sub     eax, 0ED3276FDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D8F771EDh
xor     eax, 0FD431A44h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 9272BFC6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FFEC451Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E58C2304h
add     eax, 5C46562Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 65F35A27h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0CAB62647h
add     eax, 195E50DCh
add     eax, 0C1C14858h
add     eax, 1751CBFAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C083C684h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 39BD685Ch
xor     eax, 5E99DA9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9BE93124h
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 14D1F84Eh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D2FCFBB1h
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 588D746Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B378052Eh
add     eax, 4750AA8Eh
sub     eax, 46510185h
add     eax, 0E7759D5Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0DAB160A3h
xor     eax, 285D3B36h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0A2DB7FAAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 754B6FACh
xor     eax, 0EBF7F73Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BAA21089h
xor     eax, 94C8995Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D028E79Dh
xor     eax, 75ACCBEFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 0B3587BC7h
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0F078CF24h
sub     eax, 0F2878E44h
not     eax
add     eax, 86464763h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0F806CD77h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C4437526h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 38D8601Bh
xor     eax, 0AE0FB455h
sub     eax, 0E291B579h
add     eax, 98D0F08Ah
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0BD9CF266h
add     eax, 92992C3Ch
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 9615E359h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4E71F901h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 1B2872C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8E1E4DFAh
xor     eax, 0E0F210A2h
add     eax, 88F808C8h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 346A9981h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 43435BC8h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 2B5A32F1h
xor     eax, 0B8FBD16Bh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 93402A53h
add     eax, 24FD3673h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
add     eax, 0AFB932E9h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5F7AFB66h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 302AFF60h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 66EDCF1Ch
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 9B1EC909h
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
sub     eax, 84CC9B47h
sub     eax, 4C5D4FFDh
xor     eax, 0BFE24A46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 789D052Ah
sub     eax, 71093059h
add     eax, 0BB4A0621h
sub     eax, 0BDD23F8Ah
xor     eax, 230B2B02h
sub     eax, 0D0BB639Eh
add     eax, 0FF63CB29h
sub     eax, 4116CBCDh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6C6F75F2h
xor     eax, 4D076243h
add     eax, 90C427F2h
xor     eax, 8E84640Ah
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 6A3F1428h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8257B121h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
add     eax, 8A5B41C3h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0E8C3A616h
sub     eax, 34EB0492h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 84A74803h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0C7AAFC8Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 3103A008h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0FFF02C0Ch
add     eax, 1A1F2CF2h
add     eax, 74AD8DCDh
add     eax, 9D278071h
add     eax, 4EA00324h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3D97FF13h
not     eax
add     eax, 6147EE11h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 2B70970Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 1F5A0A39h
add     eax, 596A900Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3EE8FAC0h
add     eax, 0C6A672C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8DF0070Eh
add     eax, 0D0A07D0Dh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 946EF73Ah
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4040F471h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0ECCDD063h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 8D857185h
xor     eax, 8DA0D23Dh
add     eax, 0DC8F2DB9h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CDFC7494h
add     eax, 817B91C4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C0FB5E80h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 0A4A02014h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E9D71410h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0DF7E1C74h
sub     eax, 0FFE8878Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1721DFDDh
xor     eax, 29954017h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DCEB55AAh
sub     eax, 881C493Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A4AC9E9Fh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 4BEC6F27h
add     eax, 0BE6368C3h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 404D4EFEh
xor     eax, 0A9170642h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 32D1DA5Dh
sub     eax, 0BE4F7B68h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0A236D120h
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EA4D0D8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 82C3D845h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 9D3AB933h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0E8BEBBA0h
add     eax, 3345256Ah
add     eax, 0E6D53B32h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0FC68DA93h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 24FA7E72h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0DC53A7F2h
add     eax, 0F2E6BE65h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FE4AF510h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 557743F3h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0D7645D34h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 449C7878h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0B1187EA3h
sub     eax, 0D5B88105h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3E2EB7FDh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9A5870E9h
add     eax, 8E209DDEh
add     eax, 461787F4h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 187FF94Bh
sub     eax, 0B42281B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3428B548h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0D32016DBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 878971FDh
xor     eax, 59A19574h
add     eax, 8A298A13h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FDAE8A87h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 1FC068F5h
sub     eax, 0E001EB45h
add     eax, 92FFD383h
sub     eax, 0A11C4F5Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 435E791Bh
xor     eax, 39A1FE1Ah
xor     eax, 8D4E18D7h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D69C9A0Ah
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 96AF8E1Dh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0DDF8752Ah
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 9C54893Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BF775C1Bh
xor     eax, 0BC5F76ECh
sub     eax, 7910988Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 36E7487Ch
add     eax, 0E70E333Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 31748890h
add     eax, 400642D3h
sub     eax, 0E5520EF2h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 133C6766h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 303E94E6h
sub     eax, 0DE438D83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6FBB4950h
sub     eax, 0F8DC0829h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 72265B8Fh
xor     eax, 0C7520B66h
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0FAFF7ED0h
sub     eax, 0E58B494Eh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B2D33287h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0B777EFDEh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 4CC72364h
xor     eax, 36AA92B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 67CF3D90h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E3E9EF60h
add     eax, 55BE2C5Ah
xor     eax, 8AC5ACDDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 968E7348h
add     eax, 83B82922h
sub     eax, 7BF335CEh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B2E0F527h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BB4B43E6h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0BBE0FB4Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 1BC6124Fh
sub     eax, 61508A7Fh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 5B5518A9h
add     eax, 0E4366773h
sub     eax, 0B0056097h
sub     eax, 2AC171CCh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0F5EE048Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 73A4BD32h
add     eax, 73402E76h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D9E43008h
add     eax, 6048E353h
xor     eax, 0E1B569EAh
sub     eax, 9CFD976Eh
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 641F551Dh
add     eax, 2AB38578h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2E8F7672h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ADFDD0FFh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6BC0FC89h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 111D6BBEh
xor     eax, 0BB55C097h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0EF6B9825h
sub     eax, 0A2C5A373h
xor     eax, 69B86F03h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D2C26A75h
xor     eax, 587475F6h
xor     eax, 0B898A588h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DD511783h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0D4960456h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0FA872A23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EEEFD4C7h
sub     eax, 0ECCCE00Ch
add     eax, 0A1CA208Dh
xor     eax, 0F9A5C608h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8CD7A1AEh
sub     eax, 6477F377h
add     eax, 5FF81AF3h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C457B1B9h
not     eax
add     eax, 34207C76h
add     eax, 0BDB39031h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 64B2D147h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 2C119097h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 836BA711h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6DAE88CFh
xor     eax, 9F99E8E3h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 1F722ED6h
xor     eax, 641BEA43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4513230Dh
sub     eax, 0D1EDCCFDh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
add     eax, 3E35823Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 686CAB77h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0ED2D8406h
add     eax, 0CBF046BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 90EEEEBCh
sub     eax, 6E0EEBD2h
add     eax, 2437B2F5h
xor     eax, 44434719h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F9FE5C60h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 3B0E68EBh
xor     eax, 301478D6h
add     eax, 2F0082DBh
xor     eax, 901658B2h
xor     eax, 91BEC7F2h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 76661F5Fh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9CFB598Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9697DEF0h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A39964CFh
sub     eax, 3071EB7Ah
add     eax, 0B5515DF8h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AFF32D31h
sub     eax, 94F98682h
sub     eax, 0EE943FB5h
sub     eax, 4FB6756Ch
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EF4F4F43h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 921273D3h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0AD4EA379h
xor     eax, 0EB4D40CEh
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 33A94F52h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DB2E1DB5h
xor     eax, 10039629h
xor     eax, 0D5DF566Bh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3F985784h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 100EAF86h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0AAD00070h
xor     eax, 0E9C77035h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8FC47B4Dh
xor     eax, 0DF4EC4F5h
sub     eax, 51A83F50h
xor     eax, 74FE223Ch
xor     eax, 3EED8040h
xor     eax, 0E22BBD69h
sub     eax, 44BFDC6Bh
sub     eax, 0DEAE3EA0h
xor     eax, 11CBE38Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 752466FFh
sub     eax, 0F1D36353h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 7AA132F7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 46CF8DE7h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0E1E36728h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B3411B72h
sub     eax, 926906E8h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 4B54697Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 347805E7h
xor     eax, 0C7FEE3C1h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 63D70A08h
xor     eax, 4230712Fh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2965FAF7h
xor     eax, 0E0CB60DAh
sub     eax, 4433391Bh
xor     eax, 0AB7D25D8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 6851AEF2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8BA0D174h
not     eax
add     eax, 69CC3646h
add     eax, 0CC64A5F3h
xor     eax, 0E0E0F9A1h
sub     eax, 0AF17AEB9h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ACC43AB5h
sub     eax, 0AA6C1B80h
xor     eax, 6AB121B2h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D6B8BEA0h
xor     eax, 52C7C1EAh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 0B80C0C37h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 27625DB2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 13D180F6h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 106E604Dh
add     eax, 8DDB91C7h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0D186CEECh
sub     eax, 0AA921F3Fh
xor     eax, 542A3A5Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 78C88787h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 1E1A0192h
xor     eax, 3B8CD1B1h
add     eax, 3C07348Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DB8FB31Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2F4E124Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E40660D1h
add     eax, 0FE0B34F4h
add     eax, 4DD0E508h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0B2094068h
sub     eax, 7D51CC13h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0FD0E98A1h
xor     eax, 59DA9EB6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0CFA925EFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F1660A15h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 1B9F2550h
xor     eax, 0D5C7A8B5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D2910AC4h
xor     eax, 2C54C74Dh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0A9D39DE4h
xor     eax, 854176BBh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 0ADAE54FDh
xor     eax, 0D6975702h
not     eax
sub     eax, 42B8F6A3h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E8BBC01Dh
xor     eax, 0B9472DD0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 767EDE5Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 762C17C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2D4BD4E2h
not     eax
add     eax, 3BBD0FB6h
xor     eax, 462E5AA2h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 8DCFECA4h
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 825987C7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 3E46B416h
sub     eax, 0D9683F69h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F970703Bh
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 8AAEA6EDh
add     eax, 0C31C628Eh
sub     eax, 0DD0C7C50h
xor     eax, 5E9ACB02h
sub     eax, 8562178Eh
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 6F0283F8h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9AC11C88h
sub     eax, 0ECF2225Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 58C1C68Dh
add     eax, 0C525DAD8h
xor     eax, 0FDD900E1h
add     eax, 0E54580E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 18666CFDh
xor     eax, 0C7BBD383h
add     eax, 101C60A4h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0B41F389Fh
xor     eax, 17F1F2DAh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 85A6A519h
add     eax, 39CD5E16h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0D70215ADh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4B281FC8h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6A37D629h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0F5BFA110h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0D7C4746Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 693A5732h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 28B0D297h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 1E409F31h
add     eax, 7149764Eh
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1D591B2Eh
sub     eax, 7C58F657h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 37F81499h
xor     eax, 0A1702AB0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F6247FC7h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0B84A1CB0h
add     eax, 0F34DAACEh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 36E5CE59h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0D253CE97h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 76802C36h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 38F96329h
sub     eax, 0C0E16956h
sub     eax, 0A168ADC0h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CE715B18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C4A946AFh
sub     eax, 622E1848h
add     eax, 18C2D67Ch
add     eax, 0C436A8C6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0D1176FDCh
xor     eax, 61E1B6D2h
sub     eax, 30A526AEh
sub     eax, 6BBD4ECDh
add     eax, 0A0760E38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0B330F6D8h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 382DF752h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 3632C21Eh
sub     eax, 65984160h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0BBD31D5Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 55C08B2Ah
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0D8D52C14h
add     eax, 38938681h
sub     eax, 0D6F0D1EFh
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 560023A5h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 7742779Dh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 92C9BF7Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 9E442F23h
add     eax, 0EC9C981Ah
add     eax, 6E36BB01h
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5E3C52CBh
sub     eax, 57930B88h
sub     eax, 0D4F62559h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 9D22045Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0AA2889A9h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 2656B7B8h
xor     eax, 0C1FD5506h
xor     eax, 0A3AC2D5Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FA1E553Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 88B0ED73h
add     eax, 0BBD72116h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0D2495F44h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0F69D7DDAh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A5A253D6h
sub     eax, 83B82F12h
add     eax, 0B2F90D41h
add     eax, 85B6DCA5h
xor     eax, 2300256Ah
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0CD0A74C0h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1415A21Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0F340DEFFh
xor     eax, 0DF845624h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 51682A06h
xor     eax, 0EDAF4E7Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0C8A33F3Dh
sub     eax, 53D8DF3Ah
xor     eax, 0CC2DAF66h
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0A8D30D6Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E7B9A058h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9B4A5C75h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 6A9B6A56h
not     eax
add     eax, 302EED84h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 73AF95F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F51129A5h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6C33F06Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 899512D6h
sub     eax, 609CCD34h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 586B2F64h
sub     eax, 0A1AFC674h
not     eax
xor     eax, 4CAADD33h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4E9597B7h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3F4FE6AEh
sub     eax, 0BCE2C355h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 8FDBC60Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 65DD974Ah
xor     eax, 3E39783Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8BFD4D6Ch
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0C6A689EFh
add     eax, 2DA1C636h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 686841AEh
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 29D83913h
add     eax, 0C6C258D8h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 869503B7h
xor     eax, 0D5ED017Dh
xor     eax, 85CFCD2Dh
sub     eax, 2DBF0DCDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 784056D3h
xor     eax, 70BDA0F2h
sub     eax, 121B9AD8h
not     eax
add     eax, 73F9B9C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7357BAD0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 63DB1663h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 49FFCBCEh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D2D216DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 49353972h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FD02B27Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FECFDA6Dh
sub     eax, 4D775D8Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 2BC1E19Fh
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0E0C45A6Eh
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 47FE4F1Fh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 5C364DBFh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0BDC423B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1874F51Bh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0AF0AE7B5h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 5978726Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 2F403E1Ch
xor     eax, 8E7095DEh
add     eax, 583AEA87h
add     eax, 7C186FDFh
sub     eax, 8D144A52h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0BDB1802Bh
add     eax, 0DF89A2D6h
add     eax, 5FD9D8D5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 71A37482h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 314667BEh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 912BBA08h
xor     eax, 0D1848286h
sub     eax, 5ED2D6C7h
sub     eax, 913CE58Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 69651C5Ch
add     eax, 0A6AF441Ah
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4384BEA2h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4D6B7284h
add     eax, 590BF0CDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6C579985h
sub     eax, 6F938B79h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0D9487E78h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 38574822h
sub     eax, 1DBC27ECh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6E3575B7h
xor     eax, 3CD10B6Dh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0F066F7E1h
not     eax
add     eax, 97705CDEh
add     eax, 396EA071h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ACDFDAE9h
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 682FDCE8h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 6D4F3D2Bh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 999EE949h
sub     eax, 7D0C5044h
xor     eax, 9D7A28DAh
xor     eax, 1954AA27h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 5428BC3Eh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0B1868AF6h
add     eax, 5E2F6CA2h
sub     eax, 0FF2D7846h
sub     eax, 63A963BEh
add     eax, 0DD00E90Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 29CF6D57h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1999182Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0B11869FAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0E1C3F6E6h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6746D78Dh
add     eax, 0A5112731h
xor     eax, 81DFAFECh
xor     eax, 2B16CBFCh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 73E382ABh
sub     eax, 0EF927831h
xor     eax, 143FF310h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 4DB2C906h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 5F638B30h
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 839D0452h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 6E9BC30Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4C82AC69h
add     eax, 53CA6CDDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1EEBB9D0h
add     eax, 0D5CEB097h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0E007D846h
sub     eax, 1B9CE231h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 772EE14Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2B646DACh
add     eax, 0B2299070h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B6008112h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 1CBFBAB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5E7D677Ch
xor     eax, 946A2B2Dh
sub     eax, 0CB211584h
sub     eax, 0E1C5227Eh
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0EB23CDB0h
add     eax, 702F6690h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5148E1FAh
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 18A49E3Fh
xor     eax, 86A30D4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 57BAAD6Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 51D2016Eh
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 86862F99h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 71C26721h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B03B55F3h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 584B40DDh
not     eax
add     eax, 88F755BCh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0D3DA2302h
sub     eax, 5EF2AFB7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 11957D82h
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 704FE1E2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 540BDC3Bh
sub     eax, 0A43BFDFEh
xor     eax, 0BE5682F8h
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D7CC82AFh
sub     eax, 54D9A28Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7E8218CBh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0E9D53124h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D5BC919Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 25B122D5h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0F1C561B7h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 4E92DF3Bh
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 43F9980Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 4F12B67Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0A4322DADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
add     eax, 79629281h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B0A569C1h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 120B3E95h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 47B42704h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8C7DAFC2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0F49007D0h
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 80C0B2F0h
sub     eax, 0C14EF1D5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6FBBAC1Eh
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0F9E34743h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 1A06C53Bh
add     eax, 79E700BFh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 7FF5447Fh
xor     eax, 0A6242365h
sub     eax, 172BD9B1h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 8381C254h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1BD65FC8h
add     eax, 0E1D326CBh
not     eax
add     eax, 85C33D25h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9F23C0EBh
sub     eax, 0C2AAAF92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 543A01B2h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 4CBFC480h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 27359D01h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 6FC38136h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 2D0B797Ch
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 0E5C48C33h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 3D626672h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0B86F8582h
sub     eax, 0C10DC4BBh
not     eax
add     eax, 4A9B13F3h
xor     eax, 7D6F9F46h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0B673FF0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 62ECBA18h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 76772023h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 23899A90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 2361D183h
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0C102B4A1h
sub     eax, 73483E2Fh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 39F64F30h
sub     eax, 5D31D4FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A2755284h
add     eax, 25517529h
xor     eax, 911050C8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3CF05305h
add     eax, 0A06C7B65h
add     eax, 0A077380Fh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0F086C183h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4D127F70h
add     eax, 8BE4C14Fh
xor     eax, 7D8987FEh
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4F1DF75Ch
sub     eax, 42882A0Bh
sub     eax, 5158AEE8h
xor     eax, 671B718Bh
sub     eax, 0CF2D4C46h
xor     eax, 860B0C2Dh
xor     eax, 48820A9Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CFA1CB40h
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0CBB6542Dh
sub     eax, 6A6FE8DFh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 7625A99Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FD54A605h
xor     eax, 35F152B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1F51FF53h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 90B01BFBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FA7BB6E4h
xor     eax, 0BDF79EE9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DB133011h
not     eax
xor     eax, 77DB90DEh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C2FBF201h
sub     eax, 0B0773B41h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 9166E9D8h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 30C84C68h
sub     eax, 65BC0B9Eh
add     eax, 0E4E0A01Dh
xor     eax, 324FAFA8h
add     eax, 0E0F5FEDDh
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 7B36DFE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 6
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0EF62E269h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4EA37DD9h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C1503BCCh
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 391AD4AFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A0BE5F41h
sub     eax, 0EAF36FD0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DC4E02ABh
add     eax, 8BD970ACh
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 17424D69h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 83B7A1FDh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5E3F8B04h
xor     eax, 0E36F09C2h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 823E4D1Fh
add     eax, 615D314Ch
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0F8ABD3D2h
xor     eax, 967923A3h
xor     eax, 22F6FCECh
xor     eax, 0AF0E1346h
xor     eax, 17070890h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0A2938894h
xor     eax, 0CFA55C33h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 57D62F6Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EC60216Dh
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 589E433Dh
sub     eax, 0F64CB62Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 6EE31EE5h
not     eax
add     eax, 0EEAF2EBFh
sub     eax, 0DBE86EC5h
xor     eax, 0EC8CAE5Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1784A09Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 699A8EF2h
add     eax, 61887A76h
sub     eax, 0D9B12F3Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 6B74C169h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4BA4AAA9h
sub     eax, 839C97EFh
xor     eax, 0AB630E18h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A0465EE9h
xor     eax, 8EC9C151h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0BEC3982Fh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 7A9959A0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 339DC357h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 0B64D9052h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 9AF3524Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 627623A7h
sub     eax, 557B7136h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 24CFF695h
not     eax
sub     eax, 452C970Ch
add     eax, 68BA925Dh
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 57A2CD4Ch
xor     eax, 0AAFA1902h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4E9795BFh
xor     eax, 6E3B3B10h
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CBFA3834h
sub     eax, 0AF4809CDh
add     eax, 0D0CBFFCEh
add     eax, 5D1BD2C1h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0C8B62327h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 246ED0E1h
sub     eax, 0CBF58A5Eh
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 36AE1545h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4DFAD587h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 616DFA92h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0FF8E12C2h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B55CB8FAh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 21C0376Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0D478D012h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 78ED6A5Ah
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0C073446Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 639DEC36h
sub     eax, 78C96EBEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DE856F5Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 87964224h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0BAFCCFC0h
xor     eax, 1F3B59DBh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2928D0C2h
rol     eax, 3
sub     eax, 5E451143h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0B1DEB8F1h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 1AE504DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D25332E7h
xor     eax, 7015A365h
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0AA3436D9h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 93373548h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 3B3F3E81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 96E77E09h
xor     eax, 92672B76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 81C32942h
xor     eax, 6EDBCEFDh
xor     eax, 0A967BDB7h
sub     eax, 0A618B276h
add     eax, 88BFC01Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AD0A5136h
xor     eax, 25D46868h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C5893037h
sub     eax, 4E5BDF42h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 86B1CC17h
sub     eax, 89DDB5C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 779DFDE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 95225C2Dh
xor     eax, 35D86EBDh
not     eax
add     eax, 31F22FF4h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BBB466D0h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 87145E1Eh
add     eax, 0D247EC8Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4FE3A322h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 5BCE5ADCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3202BC48h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 26EA04BBh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0FF90E362h
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 2539CD05h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 943F4D3Dh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0F662A415h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0BFC1BC0Ah
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 44C09D87h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EBF30435h
sub     eax, 0A61D9C3Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 69DA31A3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 575685ABh
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 468ACE68h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B5B0E8B4h
xor     eax, 75ACEFAAh
xor     eax, 152100E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 6D284D97h
add     eax, 0E5CD82DAh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 54C7FDD2h
not     eax
add     eax, 36D97877h
not     eax
xor     eax, 16B9AADBh
sub     eax, 3EC00AC1h
xor     eax, 0B996DACDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0BB4B060Fh
xor     eax, 54ACC9A5h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 755E8428h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 2C7E6D7Dh
xor     eax, 879707B8h
xor     eax, 599EF7CEh
add     eax, 184264A9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 10867ABFh
sub     eax, 48658A2Eh
add     eax, 0FC73F714h
add     eax, 32939984h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0A654E972h
add     eax, 0D55BAFFBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6B66C7E1h
add     eax, 0E4E69418h
not     eax
add     eax, 2D15AAF5h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 77633781h
add     eax, 6F8647B0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4E74DAF7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 24FEBBAFh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CB632978h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D2E95D4Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0BD363114h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0DBDA3AD9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 306D1980h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 34639289h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 8270626Fh
add     eax, 39AD1FC9h
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 134F3078h
xor     eax, 0D682745Ah
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 2387FB56h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 559734CCh
sub     eax, 6B354B53h
add     eax, 0FAAEAEC1h
sub     eax, 334B787Fh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 2DC1B8E4h
xor     eax, 92886972h
sub     eax, 5490C248h
sub     eax, 24B62679h
sub     eax, 0F5041C43h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D81E2BCFh
xor     eax, 216D19B5h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5C615681h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 90959FB8h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 10CD8AAFh
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0EAA6715Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0BD9C460Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0D44AE49Eh
add     eax, 58FC521Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 172F662Dh
sub     eax, 54332064h
xor     eax, 0BB3E3459h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D5CCEA1Eh
add     eax, 742A2D2Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 994EBD9Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 584FE29Dh
xor     eax, 521B9A12h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 1AF7E024h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8A273520h
sub     eax, 5791004Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B890A972h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 2518F330h
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0D4297ABAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E43ECDF3h
xor     eax, 0F55F6812h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CBDF0138h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 96C8495Bh
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0E3D33A5Ah
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 9C0011FEh
xor     eax, 866FC910h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 886EE4E6h
xor     eax, 88F37F3Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 676529A8h
add     eax, 0AB920571h
add     eax, 7DD89C8Fh
sub     eax, 4FDEA7E1h
xor     eax, 0C4AD948Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0B8DD3EF7h
sub     eax, 0AFF23F1Fh
sub     eax, 0BA22198Ch
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 8844A532h
xor     eax, 0E2395CBBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 2A0456CDh
sub     eax, 0C1DE8293h
xor     eax, 0B10A8229h
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D3BAE9CBh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 86AF3BF9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 10A53B26h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C88BFDBFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 816A3BD8h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 15D59AF8h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 3B12F269h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0D895278Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0F7285E1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 60A0DA38h
add     eax, 36DAEA88h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8FED4B50h
sub     eax, 0CB0A3ED9h
xor     eax, 6477A41Eh
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 1488C92Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 37F60BB4h
sub     eax, 7385A533h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 48E77AA2h
add     eax, 0B55848AFh
sub     eax, 88CCA37Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 529FB55Fh
xor     eax, 9E017F81h
xor     eax, 26340428h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 38D3AF6Ch
add     eax, 0E37BCB74h
add     eax, 9AE4F80Ch
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ABCB282Dh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 9C096FBDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ABA92C6Eh
sub     eax, 8FEDB411h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 892BF5FBh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A6079469h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FD2C934Bh
xor     eax, 512FD4DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 83B288F4h
sub     eax, 6BC6F843h
xor     eax, 0B4CB4D27h
not     eax
xor     eax, 21867CEBh
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 5E435187h
xor     eax, 1A40DBCEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FDE0B665h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F06572EEh
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 6C769C77h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 85F1531Ah
xor     eax, 3A2356CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0DC942538h
add     eax, 613D0A1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16C3356Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 803AFDE0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0B780FA1Eh
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 60675F97h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 98022646h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 0BED64BA4h
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EB08BC7Ah
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 30708C01h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 2716AEEFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 63EEA53Dh
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 639CA3ADh
add     eax, 0AEE5AF87h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 3EF1FBBEh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0B44F56ABh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0B887DED2h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9488C98Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 6E6C1BA0h
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 87DE66D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5F16A504h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F3F76BC7h
xor     eax, 91A54048h
add     eax, 0FABF353Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0F4A01B87h
add     eax, 4F3DCD34h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CEA064BCh
add     eax, 0B3F056A4h
add     eax, 56CF03BFh
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 7DAC7D1Bh
add     eax, 7580BE1Dh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FD0325EAh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 113D766Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 78037BD0h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 19E17045h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 7E2457EAh
add     eax, 557D2149h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 11DFA949h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 73CFB48Eh
xor     eax, 31B120B6h
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
xor     eax, 84972A56h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 1CBFFB1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 73687F0Ch
xor     eax, 0CCBBAEA1h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 57AF873Dh
add     eax, 0CC857F58h
sub     eax, 510B9F37h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E5DB8D32h
sub     eax, 0E68776A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4D612B6Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 942E7251h
add     eax, 0D227E753h
ror     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0C562A713h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DC2F51F6h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FAE2879Fh
add     eax, 0AE7303BEh
not     eax
xor     eax, 56D77C7Ah
sub     eax, 94C2BA4Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0A808C39Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F5D3505Eh
sub     eax, 16DF5404h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0E10BC3D4h
sub     eax, 0DB2E20D1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0D42C8BE8h
add     eax, 0B6E5634Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 27F580DEh
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1A038F9Ah
add     eax, 0C19A7C12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 86B912E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D2F45F50h
add     eax, 6D54A9E2h
sub     eax, 73B96356h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 83BA0D7Dh
add     eax, 82848AD4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A01A3DD0h
rol     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 49F303B2h
add     eax, 61DC5B44h
ror     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 36334C82h
add     eax, 5C1633D9h
add     eax, 159800C3h
add     eax, 3D579991h
add     eax, 8EA7CA20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0DC3ED672h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5FC0C31Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D9CA4A62h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 737FBB3Eh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0B47A90B7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DD746EEFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 52F8BA92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FA4CC3C1h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BCD6CBA0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 1BAB5495h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 2C285A4Ah
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 2F1F345Fh
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6C4E4C41h
xor     eax, 48BD9081h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 23C0EB75h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D92653A3h
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 3756CDC5h
xor     eax, 402BA5ECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 275D4517h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C9E9F246h
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0E4EF6CCBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4C652E5Fh
xor     eax, 4E0C5930h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 8BE0B91Bh
xor     eax, 7DF1DC81h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 115D7D20h
add     eax, 6DF05495h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 359A66B8h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0D0086FE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4A612F7Ah
add     eax, 4996CEA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 38B8EE31h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 5701F1E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1E5C5B7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 989B0942h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0C2FE5CF6h
sub     eax, 0B8B91150h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F6D7291Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0C7F5B807h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 237BEA7Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9AD60F2Ah
xor     eax, 9FA885D8h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0AA73F203h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0B42F7988h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9153F9E7h
sub     eax, 10D73E86h
xor     eax, 0EBF7E11Eh
sub     eax, 74747B6Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 83A8CA4Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 7C1C659Ch
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 68B07B2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 702E904Bh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0C3E8CF16h
sub     eax, 0D46EC40Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 6ECA0F97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DE37780Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 3D0917C6h
not     eax
add     eax, 2F400912h
sub     eax, 1AF8FCF6h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B8EF2410h
add     eax, 0B01F11D0h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 96050C94h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 5C06DC57h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0E9466F24h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 29134D06h
add     eax, 609395EAh
xor     eax, 90A444D3h
add     eax, 0CC71F9F6h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D71C7E34h
xor     eax, 8F95EDF7h
xor     eax, 481E8ABCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0BAAFF045h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 4C34611Dh
xor     eax, 4305B5F1h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 95548542h
rol     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 53791205h
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 507BE088h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 5A6FECE7h
add     eax, 0DBFF938Bh
add     eax, 4E70248Ch
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B6A873CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 1DB0E5B5h
sub     eax, 12920B78h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 8A798EC7h
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
xor     eax, 4DA53254h
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 12CA21EEh
xor     eax, 3BF9B397h
sub     eax, 87471C76h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8361718Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 2F1C7257h
add     eax, 515AF180h
add     eax, 0C094233Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 7809DCC8h
sub     eax, 4F920E6Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 5C937665h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 9
sub     eax, 279DEB12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0A6B1F14Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 194D0E29h
xor     eax, 6D404480h
sub     eax, 0AFBDA80Ah
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 830B1A16h
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B44725FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 57EA642Ah
sub     eax, 0A87847EFh
add     eax, 0D5AD5EBAh
add     eax, 0C3355F59h
sub     eax, 8B631E79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2799387Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4E7EA53Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 965914A9h
sub     eax, 545F4893h
add     eax, 22B7B4F6h
ror     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3BBB10FEh
ror     eax, 7
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 5838558Dh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C5378A18h
sub     eax, 0ABD56420h
sub     eax, 14B8B538h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 3B4DD638h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0B14A857Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 776E34CEh
sub     eax, 0BCD4EEEDh
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 1B906324h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BB91E18Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BAF5D462h
add     eax, 0C36745A8h
add     eax, 5B80E335h
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C4FCAD32h
xor     eax, 7E3CF19Ah
sub     eax, 7CAB1BA1h
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0AD39F614h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DCD8B8A0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6067CA4Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 4D043169h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 56A4A72Eh
add     eax, 0F861E19Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3112AF97h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9DDE441Fh
sub     eax, 2B6E2D60h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9F8A6DADh
sub     eax, 224926FBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0BAF85736h
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 99B5A037h
add     eax, 0F8E9E824h
sub     eax, 9CFD7C11h
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0CE06630Dh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0F88D5719h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0F556C7B9h
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0F584BCACh
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 4FF40707h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 4C86B057h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E6ACDC0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E5815012h
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 8984E8DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 413E1996h
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 967D2C7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 404C9ED6h
xor     eax, 0DBE12291h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 272A5433h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 2ADB6F9Dh
add     eax, 0D79A08D6h
sub     eax, 0C2A0B30Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 3DA0D395h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0F80CC591h
sub     eax, 389B77D5h
xor     eax, 98083ECCh
sub     eax, 69CE47E7h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D5F1D5A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 88F5EA1Dh
xor     eax, 48AE9AC0h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 5F12607Ch
xor     eax, 60C4A313h
xor     eax, 99B23CD3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1A572D02h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0BDE4C761h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C73D2492h
add     eax, 7E2F2A58h
xor     eax, 0E81C677Bh
add     eax, 0C5E42CC2h
sub     eax, 62EADC4Eh
xor     eax, 7C3C2900h
add     eax, 0F64CCCCFh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0D1D62CA7h
xor     eax, 0F6881F3Eh
sub     eax, 72018E7Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DA50DF75h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D5382E50h
add     eax, 0C31D2D0Ah
sub     eax, 0E9BE2C54h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C25CE9C7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 33863D65h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
add     eax, 21CF9BA1h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DA7340EBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F2AF1B31h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0D987DBB2h
add     eax, 92337E89h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0B21359C3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FF8E097Ch
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0E4032CB9h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 48AFBC2Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6DD9AB65h
sub     eax, 80345B44h
sub     eax, 0E6C0224Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 68DA3904h
xor     eax, 0D9528CADh
xor     eax, 33AB18DBh
add     eax, 0DD484B19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DA4FA4CFh
xor     eax, 0C6578BCFh
add     eax, 0AB9AC28Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E1296CE5h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0DDAD9A24h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1660B54Dh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FE877C65h
sub     eax, 0F4AE9885h
xor     eax, 0F8E13ECFh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 3F54E761h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 7D22FB60h
xor     eax, 0B2441F8Dh
xor     eax, 81063456h
xor     eax, 0A689FE71h
xor     eax, 9633FA7Ah
sub     eax, 76614D72h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 0CB61EE4Fh
xor     eax, 543DFC6Eh
xor     eax, 0B5706770h
add     eax, 6F7E88EFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0CE88ECE8h
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 70A301B1h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 4B5C975Ch
xor     eax, 4F169DA7h
xor     eax, 0CD9D0036h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3273368Eh
sub     eax, 19CDC4DFh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 58BA39A0h
add     eax, 15042EE1h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 42AD6BD5h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E0CDF0EAh
rol     eax, 1Bh
add     eax, 0B97D53CBh
xor     eax, 13637F0Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 85C95274h
xor     eax, 3739705Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0AF3D4024h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
add     eax, 674319ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0C3A3E477h
sub     eax, 4FDEC4E2h
add     eax, 0DF3BEAEDh
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 0B8167D0Dh
sub     eax, 1B573BD8h
add     eax, 827E3AACh
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 86AA954Ah
add     eax, 181608D6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 49CFF30Dh
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0FAB35C64h
add     eax, 8ABFA554h
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 3124FAA0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 8BCFEB64h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 460371EDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 20FF45DCh
sub     eax, 0AFC3A6D5h
xor     eax, 0DAEEB5BDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 58BD6612h
sub     eax, 77FCD871h
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F558A8ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 500943BBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 9E535590h
not     eax
add     eax, 4EDE79E2h
xor     eax, 0B356C07Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 475480BDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BD829D2Ah
add     eax, 970ED8E3h
add     eax, 59CC4D50h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0A22977AEh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B421B827h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 475F66BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0B550E77Eh
add     eax, 0CABDC0D8h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 11BA147Fh
xor     eax, 488FCBF9h
sub     eax, 27D5C126h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 20EBD5E3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A173E2F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 91E4FA6Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 61BF6795h
sub     eax, 9D66DF7Bh
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3048ECA9h
add     eax, 53D68850h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 36B72708h
sub     eax, 5DFEE963h
add     eax, 0EDEE092Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B87BF696h
sub     eax, 0ED69D647h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F154B80Ch
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 2334E411h
xor     eax, 1E2DED01h
sub     eax, 0D73F044Ch
add     eax, 9BF8477Eh
sub     eax, 0D59A1D54h
add     eax, 4D4D1A84h
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 5A814AC6h
xor     eax, 38F1A19Ah
add     eax, 29F98AB5h
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 73D07865h
xor     eax, 0BC1D5696h
xor     eax, 0D38534B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1A1603D0h
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
xor     eax, 88AEB328h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 5EB52E7Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 8510C42Eh
add     eax, 0E92401DAh
add     eax, 0CBCE4230h
xor     eax, 2E02C7A6h
sub     eax, 0D9E406A4h
ror     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0DF702BD0h
not     eax
add     eax, 6252B068h
add     eax, 0E713C6B7h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 0E14363A2h
add     eax, 0EE7D2C0Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0F75FBD54h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B1DEC5E5h
xor     eax, 0DB089E6Fh
add     eax, 47A269ABh
xor     eax, 0D23C349Ah
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 0CDF8F628h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0E4C5D88Fh
xor     eax, 0F0ED188Bh
add     eax, 0B8495F25h
xor     eax, 9E3FC1E0h
add     eax, 600E82F0h
sub     eax, 998A10CBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 160B9470h
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E5A5EC3Ch
sub     eax, 8B18D9DFh
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A4B8CBB1h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 49593E28h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0CB227E13h
add     eax, 1F8523DCh
add     eax, 12300C61h
xor     eax, 69660B44h
sub     eax, 0A1726EACh
sub     eax, 905A811Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D210A005h
sub     eax, 9D28B2A2h
xor     eax, 82CF42C8h
xor     eax, 8FAFD651h
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EF7BE46Ch
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2C9179A6h
sub     eax, 5938B714h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 98E03F22h
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 16D6C24Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7F995882h
sub     eax, 8FF7DEFEh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CA36DF8Eh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0F65EE711h
sub     eax, 9B661CC3h
xor     eax, 0F1588708h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 72C2B656h
sub     eax, 0A3CCA34Ch
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0C143EAF6h
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6B193526h
sub     eax, 9038C839h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 8A21EF8Ch
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 49E3A1CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 57C32EEBh
sub     eax, 0A268551Dh
xor     eax, 84CBBDEBh
sub     eax, 7FF12A9Ah
sub     eax, 8483D62Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 8880E40Fh
sub     eax, 615E43A8h
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0C9D1B8CBh
xor     eax, 80B5CB64h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E09A2652h
sub     eax, 0F0542544h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1E4A88AEh
sub     eax, 8A3B55BCh
xor     eax, 1B7ED0FCh
add     eax, 6BF10830h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0B3DD32A0h
xor     eax, 0A6A1D5BAh
add     eax, 0E74C7F71h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 71B97B53h
not     eax
add     eax, 885CE96Bh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0BC4C14D6h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 2393DD07h
xor     eax, 23DF5771h
add     eax, 651F8E34h
sub     eax, 7CFCDA00h
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 91D6FBE0h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 48127568h
rol     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 54DEDA2Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B13D1C28h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 71E064BBh
xor     eax, 0DC90D19Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 59C4225Ah
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 54F75341h
xor     eax, 0AA1ECC07h
add     eax, 91840479h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 8E41DA7Ch
sub     eax, 77429E51h
sub     eax, 5067AEBDh
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 5E4B7168h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D2475236h
xor     eax, 44D82C09h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 4A6D72EEh
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 674F441Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 755D3049h
add     eax, 471B2A8Fh
sub     eax, 5E199DD3h
xor     eax, 0DFCEA9A6h
xor     eax, 63242C7Ah
sub     eax, 0BCF62EB5h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 161E5D7Eh
sub     eax, 0F444A822h
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 4C17DC73h
xor     eax, 0F6E86D74h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A0A23625h
not     eax
add     eax, 13F30144h
sub     eax, 6F2ECD1Ch
sub     eax, 0B1B54A30h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0ED01ACB5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0C1E368FBh
sub     eax, 2D12AF05h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 62BD106Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 92292C05h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6761FF6Dh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0D03B3168h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0BA199CADh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 7D174E1Ch
add     eax, 0FB95424Ah
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0E8A1CB9Dh
sub     eax, 0E565BE82h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 677AA8B1h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 2ED9C392h
sub     eax, 8BED99B1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1FF1CE2Ah
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 400FA383h
not     eax
add     eax, 62FFF0D1h
xor     eax, 0BBFDD6A4h
sub     eax, 0F1E3761Ah
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7F8D8678h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 81D367A1h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A602FE16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0FD7247D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0EF682C2Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D1777612h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0ECB10C5Ah
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 611BF45Fh
xor     eax, 5203E9F0h
add     eax, 0FF359EFFh
ror     eax, 14h
not     eax
sub     eax, 8F77D84Dh
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 1905553Bh
xor     eax, 3B153843h
sub     eax, 3B3ADECCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6EB60922h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AD74030Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0A9E2BCD3h
xor     eax, 0BB1C1404h
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0AA87EE7Ah
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0E3199A84h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F275B7EFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9F7ADBA4h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 3E32DBE2h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A7B23FF6h
add     eax, 130928C2h
sub     eax, 0D3ADD63Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0B456DCD0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 15B3C752h
sub     eax, 0D374BF09h
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0B224734Eh
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 122A0A78h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0E9C28020h
xor     eax, 0AFEE2B89h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 5FBB1DC8h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 54318127h
xor     eax, 20CF9867h
not     eax
add     eax, 41A9829Dh
xor     eax, 3B9C5577h
sub     eax, 0B9AB16DCh
xor     eax, 0FBA92C6Ah
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0B00986DDh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0AFD67BC8h
add     eax, 8028889Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A6C573CBh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C880EE16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 7548CA49h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 898D3495h
sub     eax, 306F39D1h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 5916E632h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 5A18CB5Ch
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9D1D66BAh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0DBC32CEFh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E0381948h
add     eax, 7CBB6874h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0E7BD9517h
sub     eax, 0D0D09B28h
sub     eax, 6D378DEDh
sub     eax, 4FE9F296h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1628D466h
add     eax, 57CE622Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6A3A1674h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0FB0D840Ah
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 801F9EB6h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 334B758Dh
xor     eax, 0D1C071C9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6F280359h
xor     eax, 8705ED8Ah
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0F8EB8ABEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FDFCA954h
xor     eax, 0F8232322h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0F07D86A9h
sub     eax, 0C7447620h
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 0BF2C8D1Ch
sub     eax, 49917A38h
add     eax, 47A18BC7h
sub     eax, 59D326D0h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 2E6E9112h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1699A006h
add     eax, 69937761h
ror     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 5B8E4EB3h
sub     eax, 333432F8h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 8FA1D432h
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 4
sub     eax, 5E7E8585h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 92DDDD13h
add     eax, 324B8620h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 5386264Fh
sub     eax, 871F6C63h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CE743B2Dh
xor     eax, 5336EB72h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 7BFB7366h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 4CDB0199h
sub     eax, 0B2F241C7h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 13217233h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DD032D1Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 3CF0D222h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 0DECB28AFh
add     eax, 0D9C0C626h
sub     eax, 8D55C34Ah
xor     eax, 287B7CD2h
sub     eax, 13DF37F1h
sub     eax, 200D9802h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BE6B37ADh
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A4C6A5A0h
xor     eax, 2E63C73Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1D135ADEh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A205F2AFh
add     eax, 1598C89Bh
add     eax, 0F73BE6D2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 53A3AF4Fh
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0F3CCD72Eh
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0EE23D475h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0FECA3168h
sub     eax, 94DD7AE0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 72CE91ADh
add     eax, 9878F091h
add     eax, 317F21E8h
add     eax, 6F1CD327h
xor     eax, 0D2E039CEh
xor     eax, 792DD327h
xor     eax, 0BBAE4C7Eh
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 97B7FAAAh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0E53AA91Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8432B0E8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 2BF4E6E1h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 20069746h
xor     eax, 0BDEB10C5h
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 6C3AEFECh
add     eax, 41A1D0A5h
xor     eax, 722B5B83h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 723165A2h
rol     eax, 3
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D6998C9Ah
sub     eax, 531EF0B6h
xor     eax, 0B25ECB7Ch
xor     eax, 63579D67h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C9C0FDF9h
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 8608B482h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B58EF38Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 97A8F5ADh
add     eax, 0C6C1FAE9h
sub     eax, 646CDEADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5E805B0Dh
add     eax, 0CECA0631h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0E63E7893h
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 54BC9DD8h
xor     eax, 81F5F558h
xor     eax, 0C6535A89h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 63204248h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DD471D68h
sub     eax, 0C1B4609Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 49AE3E7Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 53977595h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 3AD38C17h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 1DF7EB71h
rol     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 6E599490h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 1C6F6E64h
xor     eax, 0FFC01D20h
sub     eax, 0FB18540Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B733FAC4h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B9AEBE68h
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0F430DEDCh
xor     eax, 13D58591h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C98B31FFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 27B8FA4Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0AB8ECA37h
xor     eax, 6BE3F26Fh
sub     eax, 80528EE8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BA02A37Dh
add     eax, 19C2189Ch
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
add     eax, 58500EB1h
xor     eax, 94BF8062h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 186D4109h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 59EB1D21h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 480BD381h
sub     eax, 0D638B540h
add     eax, 8297C51Fh
sub     eax, 3B379B03h
xor     eax, 9563E359h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 4276DF23h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 897A2EC0h
xor     eax, 0D94FA214h
add     eax, 7CE1A6F2h
xor     eax, 334BF10Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0AF88270Bh
add     eax, 0ACCE23E6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3ADD7257h
sub     eax, 0AC84308Ch
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0EE678F50h
add     eax, 6959E502h
sub     eax, 4CEDE1D7h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 4726300Ch
xor     eax, 0FA90FFABh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DD282DC1h
rol     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0ED537465h
add     eax, 0DE73EBE9h
xor     eax, 0BBD658AFh
add     eax, 629F7D72h
ror     eax, 0Ah
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 953BCC98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CF376F7Ch
add     eax, 3CCB5D69h
add     eax, 0FBF15140h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0EA923833h
not     eax
add     eax, 755B8606h
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 38A7F6EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0E0F0BFEDh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 0C2978131h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 257ED8A4h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 476CD85Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A9AEF026h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 16F2DFF4h
add     eax, 0BD7186A6h
add     eax, 0B77EE138h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A5E70474h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0D09248BFh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 3697662Bh
ror     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0AB90034Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 5391B772h
xor     eax, 21A8236Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 698CE129h
sub     eax, 8C7AEDC2h
xor     eax, 0B6B15601h
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0F6460037h
sub     eax, 0D243EFB7h
sub     eax, 2445DC05h
sub     eax, 0AD2EC730h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1761F54Ah
xor     eax, 0A403EB21h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 2F0A0883h
add     eax, 7D8DBDB4h
xor     eax, 0E673B587h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 82A949F4h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AA688B2Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 2B2D7AC8h
sub     eax, 328BE911h
xor     eax, 78473D89h
xor     eax, 0F83021A8h
xor     eax, 81D77823h
sub     eax, 0FC2E1D63h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DCFDAA37h
add     eax, 2D76EDB3h
xor     eax, 554C5D8Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 0F396A36Dh
xor     eax, 8EA27D8Bh
add     eax, 0DDB402E6h
sub     eax, 0ABFCF020h
sub     eax, 0C6EA897Bh
sub     eax, 9BDF4D3Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0D8C451FFh
sub     eax, 9DABE71Ch
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 61B2B00Dh
xor     eax, 0E21AC73Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 65FF2CC7h
sub     eax, 7B5AE554h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C28F82D7h
ror     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 115ABEBDh
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 40092613h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4E6F8641h
add     eax, 0DC632858h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AFACF13Ch
add     eax, 0A579D5ADh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 92878E1Dh
add     eax, 5088CDE2h
sub     eax, 0AE347B84h
sub     eax, 9F938F17h
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 4C0CE390h
sub     eax, 0FB8BF6A8h
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 9
xor     eax, 8D5A78E0h
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 21991639h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0F17267A7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 90A3F68Dh
sub     eax, 7F3CDE07h
sub     eax, 42B4731Ch
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0FF0F081Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 6FEE8B8Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9FA64BFEh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 36823FD5h
xor     eax, 98975FD8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 271B2164h
add     eax, 1A591738h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0E759BC62h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 91559F1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D8152E48h
xor     eax, 0C66DF7B3h
xor     eax, 0F6E96BF1h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 9D4A4200h
not     eax
add     eax, 0A8C97413h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 2E68AD9Ch
xor     eax, 0E0D88542h
not     eax
xor     eax, 535FF5BFh
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 0F9BC958Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 7879FDECh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 44F0FD14h
xor     eax, 0DE5D257Eh
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 79BF7705h
xor     eax, 0CBF2E64Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EE6AFE92h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F7FA52CBh
xor     eax, 703683D3h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 43DAC620h
xor     eax, 3A84A4D8h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0B096977Eh
xor     eax, 0C6A7F620h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0B8332018h
add     eax, 5CF3D333h
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0AECEA62Ah
add     eax, 0AF822A7Ch
sub     eax, 0C7FFC5BEh
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 577BAAF8h
sub     eax, 0A5C0E64Eh
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 8E2A6379h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5B1E6E3Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0EE449555h
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0F037577Ch
xor     eax, 22B52193h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EE0E5359h
xor     eax, 29D1BE67h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0B8698811h
sub     eax, 517B02F1h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0EF2E6475h
add     eax, 0A9A7BDC5h
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0DD04B75Bh
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 905AB93Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6A00EA07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 6B825739h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0CEBF9DC1h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3504EACCh
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 98FC95D0h
add     eax, 68814BEAh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BCAFD086h
sub     eax, 511F5828h
sub     eax, 0E47B480Ah
xor     eax, 0A60F813Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F95F5125h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B385CD50h
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 1BE2F3A4h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 462FF9F0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 8B80DF04h
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 88E8DBF9h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0F2F8D582h
add     eax, 70B60E64h
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 3DA0F4E3h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 5BD129C2h
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 2DCF799Fh
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D4284821h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0C428733Ch
xor     eax, 7B1B3C23h
xor     eax, 0FF2C66EFh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 0A6365774h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4D88C750h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 152A09FCh
sub     eax, 21638A43h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 8013D154h
xor     eax, 4F3D2E68h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 7D0D0781h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0DAD96CDAh
xor     eax, 0F413EFFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0CAB5BD64h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5F4B3EC6h
add     eax, 0A7ED22CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9422A1F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0E89BF7D1h
xor     eax, 628B964Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D4FF2849h
sub     eax, 50D5B40Dh
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FD6E8813h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4C8E32A0h
sub     eax, 0C75FC4CAh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0E05EBD6Eh
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 43419B3Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 45A35806h
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FCFCB78Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9689395Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 8E5D1ED6h
sub     eax, 0B8419C8Ch
xor     eax, 0F99770B1h
sub     eax, 29BF7E50h
xor     eax, 2A683A0Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0E8DA24C1h
sub     eax, 7010BCE0h
xor     eax, 6BCC9997h
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 38F8697Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C0AFA2A3h
sub     eax, 10754A4Ch
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 848BED23h
not     eax
add     eax, 626443D2h
xor     eax, 0E970A8B5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
xor     eax, 6A5AA66Ch
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0B30C4793h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0FDA19CB3h
add     eax, 609372C0h
sub     eax, 7F8E6437h
not     eax
sub     eax, 114491A6h
sub     eax, 39BA9B04h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BAEC4DB6h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 5
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0C691F04Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D9E84059h
add     eax, 0FCC5F45Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B6CD4D7Fh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0B7393A39h
sub     eax, 0BBCAB383h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8B3619B4h
sub     eax, 5C69A268h
add     eax, 59BFE72Bh
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 0CE95D3EBh
add     eax, 0F921C4EDh
sub     eax, 0DD1A7A4Ah
add     eax, 347448E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 6749E479h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 8281EC44h
sub     eax, 7E2D1992h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 11749BD7h
sub     eax, 9BFCB5DAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2627B2F6h
xor     eax, 0DAB8FA46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4FD16BFBh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 38D16334h
add     eax, 5A367249h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E55948BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
ror     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 3A1A9F71h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 7A58D217h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5C32C13Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 95D2AB99h
sub     eax, 0A1D8F241h
sub     eax, 0A5465EE4h
add     eax, 65514F5Bh
xor     eax, 6869F47Dh
sub     eax, 0E403D35Bh
sub     eax, 2FD81D9Bh
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 86F3E7D6h
ror     eax, 13h
add     eax, 7A1FD4D6h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7E462E16h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 5C8CA792h
sub     eax, 6194F43Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AB625D0Ah
rol     eax, 12h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 514727BEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E62C7021h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0B8EB90BBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 240F08C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A8DFB306h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 0FFBD5337h
xor     eax, 0B2A3D9C4h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4C28D18Ch
add     eax, 9BB6EAF2h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D5C01D22h
add     eax, 0E9BC4BCBh
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 38F72704h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0F39FB30Ch
xor     eax, 954633AFh
add     eax, 0B614AA3Dh
add     eax, 7635357Ch
sub     eax, 1C9A1095h
xor     eax, 52CE7550h
xor     eax, 6AE1EDB7h
sub     eax, 3DC1404Ah
xor     eax, 90AA6CFAh
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0F1CF6FBAh
sub     eax, 0CC317BCFh
xor     eax, 31E5B4F9h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 73ABAA0Eh
sub     eax, 0F8B1322Fh
add     eax, 5601CF42h
add     eax, 10AC73F0h
add     eax, 84234E96h
sub     eax, 0BF470E1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 612679D7h
xor     eax, 90EAF9ADh
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
sub     eax, 7CA8E594h
add     eax, 0DD7DA331h
add     eax, 6227A8DDh
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1BB648B5h
add     eax, 0F05735CDh
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9171A811h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0C3D89992h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 6CCA56C9h
rol     eax, 11h
add     eax, 9D2DA538h
sub     eax, 0DEB33188h
ror     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E0E2EBE3h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0E599CB03h
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4F8D5413h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 107391CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0B6A82ECFh
xor     eax, 0D222B029h
add     eax, 0CD41F7AFh
xor     eax, 0DF23280Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 0E593E4BBh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0BDE8E7C5h
xor     eax, 0C5449BCDh
sub     eax, 0DD8FA8B7h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 8E923E63h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 16391E9Dh
sub     eax, 0F25CAF71h
xor     eax, 81E2D8BBh
rol     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 0C2BD3B99h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1D2792D4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D96E0E31h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
sub     eax, 6499E543h
xor     eax, 4F47B636h
xor     eax, 2FA1D0D6h
sub     eax, 0FFB7C269h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 1F505E7Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 804DE267h
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 219F7BD3h
sub     eax, 59874181h
sub     eax, 0B88954AAh
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 878F947Ah
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 7DA5ADDEh
add     eax, 0B2C543BDh
xor     eax, 24F7AD4Bh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D8304FAAh
sub     eax, 0C568B94Dh
add     eax, 0C6179CE8h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0A1903C43h
xor     eax, 0D8005230h
sub     eax, 94B513DBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 7B39F935h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 0ADA4713Eh
sub     eax, 1BA94453h
rol     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EEC46AAEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 9DD990A4h
sub     eax, 2D709534h
xor     eax, 60C39A76h
add     eax, 0E4239BF3h
xor     eax, 8F94A6F9h
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C24D9E5Ch
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 790A5E1Dh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2609978Fh
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 0DF61E32Bh
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 3559BDCFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C7441DF5h
sub     eax, 0BA83606Ch
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0C4C9EF3Ch
xor     eax, 441F3F58h
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 748F0ECBh
xor     eax, 806825F8h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0F99F2995h
sub     eax, 96086109h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 60C515B7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A485E1C2h
sub     eax, 0F78623CAh
sub     eax, 185B69B5h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0A787A664h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0A1779300h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F5F3E873h
sub     eax, 0F0401C21h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2F05BD9Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3964956Dh
add     eax, 6562EFE8h
not     eax
add     eax, 98662999h
add     eax, 54E38902h
add     eax, 826F2EA2h
sub     eax, 944D1955h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0C2C0A0F4h
not     eax
xor     eax, 6AEB9F0Ah
xor     eax, 9C36D9BEh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 71C517FEh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1664EFA8h
xor     eax, 86DFE059h
xor     eax, 0FB47B1EFh
sub     eax, 0EFBF6CC8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 35310BBEh
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 12F93729h
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0FEA022A6h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0E0B7BF75h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0F46521E1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 305AD56Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 622B0D99h
add     eax, 9FE8CB50h
xor     eax, 0C402380Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 9D2EAB1Ah
add     eax, 4FDF22DBh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0E915D38Eh
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0FFA50F42h
add     eax, 6F26A643h
add     eax, 40696C96h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 9E67149Ah
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 0ECFD758Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0C165E0FBh
xor     eax, 0ADD73EA2h
sub     eax, 0D61CA7B7h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 15F956BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
add     eax, 2BBB60F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FD350959h
add     eax, 0BCFCC07Fh
xor     eax, 0EAB04187h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 28957C6Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A0AEFAFCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 2D8E2383h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 97DBDB1Bh
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0B5EC58A1h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0AEC082B1h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 77630571h
xor     eax, 0A4CC7728h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 46DD9B28h
add     eax, 411933B8h
add     eax, 1FBEC828h
add     eax, 4627F2CEh
add     eax, 7141FA91h
add     eax, 6E6973FBh
add     eax, 0B890C7C9h
xor     eax, 75945F4Ah
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 134B9C5Bh
xor     eax, 3B55D73Ah
sub     eax, 0C54545D7h
sub     eax, 691F6FB6h
xor     eax, 0B51F9E38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 121AF9F6h
add     eax, 0D64C95F6h
rol     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 0D43FAE20h
add     eax, 0A8A6D727h
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0BEC0A9C9h
add     eax, 0EBEC8639h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0E3F46415h
add     eax, 0F7A221AEh
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A14A0F9Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 85477D79h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6AB84616h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 24E105D1h
sub     eax, 5E985ABEh
xor     eax, 0C75EC7CCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1B37ABB2h
add     eax, 4B9F05BDh
sub     eax, 91BE1067h
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 60C64C35h
sub     eax, 3FF1FF29h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A02C0520h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 9317BF0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 908BC94Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 85513142h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0E56A9EE7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0A3C4F77Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D0F3D533h
sub     eax, 54C5DF5Ah
sub     eax, 43DCD5D9h
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 13h
add     eax, 0E85E4A33h
xor     eax, 61FFEB72h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 745AA22Ch
sub     eax, 6A6AD2D1h
xor     eax, 0B7713817h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FF24BFA7h
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 75ADF012h
not     eax
xor     eax, 69447540h
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 0FBE03555h
add     eax, 0BB2466F2h
add     eax, 303F294Fh
xor     eax, 0ADC5E2CBh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0A605CAD9h
add     eax, 21CE576Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 443D348Ch
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 9A5F160Ch
add     eax, 0B17A12BFh
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0A694A140h
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8601889Ch
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 44B331F5h
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 849B38B8h
not     eax
add     eax, 9EE95C15h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 0F6E48BC1h
add     eax, 0CC112D58h
sub     eax, 0B6B2ED3Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0B7C8680Eh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D6642987h
sub     eax, 0AA47E7D1h
sub     eax, 36013669h
add     eax, 3C9F0B8Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0B7ED939Ah
sub     eax, 6F5B022Ah
xor     eax, 0E2266DE2h
ror     eax, 0Bh
sub     eax, 0D8B50AC6h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 8C9B9669h
xor     eax, 0CFE30427h
sub     eax, 0DCCA4283h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7FFA6C99h
not     eax
xor     eax, 49B43F98h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 7FDB41FAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BC208193h
xor     eax, 0ACB2ED3Eh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 7F2BBA5Ah
xor     eax, 0C02058D3h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 4894B9BEh
add     eax, 0AACA091Eh
sub     eax, 3EEA83EFh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B36862C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 424D877Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 8663C459h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 20h
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 2FB4C4D3h
xor     eax, 0A8039571h
add     eax, 6BE3BDA0h
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0BEE010ADh
rol     eax, 6
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 10304236h
sub     eax, 24BC1923h
xor     eax, 0ED88F5BAh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 7E5D3825h
not     eax
add     eax, 1E34FDF5h
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 7F94CEE1h
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 3DFC17ACh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0EA24F0F3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 827A2CD0h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 2053EA0Bh
sub     eax, 666C1DA7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 431F01FAh
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0EECF7C57h
rol     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 6E9085D7h
xor     eax, 6D14DAD0h
sub     eax, 6FD7DA3Ah
sub     eax, 0CD265388h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0AB5AAA66h
ror     eax, 0Fh
add     eax, 36D6AEB3h
add     eax, 0E3A0EF0Dh
xor     eax, 790CBF14h
add     eax, 6362B93Dh
add     eax, 9F80D09Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0BD82F8CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A2A0E42Eh
sub     eax, 985B576Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0F3326F93h
xor     eax, 7B6AA7B2h
sub     eax, 0B0DCB7A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 24883A0Ah
sub     eax, 0D9DD60BAh
add     eax, 220B517Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 88B59A35h
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 69B2ACF9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 6158B378h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 96E7E710h
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0B4009AA9h
add     eax, 0B8F82EA8h
add     eax, 4EB94601h
sub     eax, 469D30E4h
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 10h
xor     eax, 4C087D3Fh
add     eax, 0E936EAEDh
add     eax, 90D2B558h
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 0C359F0ABh
rol     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 9D966E6Fh
sub     eax, 0D5C65429h
add     eax, 0B6ADB4F2h
sub     eax, 0BFAB0B1Eh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 82F3F0E7h
not     eax
xor     eax, 269EE94Fh
sub     eax, 18920E0Ah
add     eax, 0A160C12Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 15E8F536h
add     eax, 356EC492h
xor     eax, 811B87F6h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0A2CD7BE4h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 4AC746F1h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CF9DE8E8h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 31720A37h
xor     eax, 139BF570h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 27859805h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0B7BE7750h
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 40A74676h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6485AA58h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 182CA27Bh
add     eax, 66F7F77Bh
add     eax, 0B4C71B8Dh
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 18BBABCBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 95AF6AEEh
xor     eax, 0C21630FCh
xor     eax, 0F8C43F80h
add     eax, 79760549h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1BDF244Dh
sub     eax, 0AAF2181Eh
sub     eax, 0E81FCFC0h
add     eax, 0B763B6ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0FEE7CA9Bh
sub     eax, 5D3BDFEFh
sub     eax, 0FF781227h
sub     eax, 405C6CABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2CD6CF53h
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 0E3B20002h
xor     eax, 0F7CF9056h
xor     eax, 3B08383Bh
add     eax, 5D25E1A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0F59B1BA9h
xor     eax, 1F3E0414h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8CDD1B64h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D4D7C581h
sub     eax, 789F338Bh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0C92F04A2h
xor     eax, 5CC05257h
sub     eax, 8203BB6Eh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 38E42872h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EDDBE5BCh
not     eax
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B6CCE8C2h
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 447A91ABh
sub     eax, 0E7DE3777h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DA1B11CFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0D7C1CC31h
add     eax, 0E136CB1Ah
add     eax, 852BEAABh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 64562E69h
not     eax
sub     eax, 393518CDh
not     eax
add     eax, 631BAC30h
xor     eax, 5560F7F4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D1EC6CACh
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D10A980Bh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 2681357Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 4843C6BFh
xor     eax, 4303608Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0F53307DCh
add     eax, 0DBE176EEh
xor     eax, 2D3D2E3Fh
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 487EE996h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 0EEEFCF4Dh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
add     eax, 493EF6B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B93F8B49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C1828C84h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 7713164Bh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 58DF9F4Fh
xor     eax, 1B8EABC4h
add     eax, 7CB1B800h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 1B68FEE1h
xor     eax, 0CF08A5E9h
xor     eax, 2E33B2FAh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 1EA2C141h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 7F086151h
xor     eax, 0B9A861CDh
not     eax
add     eax, 0BB10BEC1h
add     eax, 835AEC31h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 74271D79h
not     eax
add     eax, 0C125754Eh
add     eax, 0C077BCE5h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 1BD38BAAh
add     eax, 0E09A8818h
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0A5757375h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B319C17Bh
xor     eax, 30D89E38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 843C3AF5h
add     eax, 89C106D4h
add     eax, 0FF478139h
xor     eax, 77E7DC17h
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0D1AAD154h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0AA492310h
add     eax, 0F543E0BBh
xor     eax, 151D7610h
xor     eax, 4AED3186h
not     eax
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0ED18BCA4h
add     eax, 0C99C3224h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0DC4AE15Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 97E5E409h
xor     eax, 9E46A483h
sub     eax, 3AFA3305h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A7AA10D1h
xor     eax, 0BCBF7E43h
add     eax, 0C4109AB9h
add     eax, 818CCC0Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 6EE55717h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 864E223Ah
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 8BF98F79h
add     eax, 0B361E053h
sub     eax, 0DE6BF2A7h
rol     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5540E497h
sub     eax, 42900617h
sub     eax, 0DB63C316h
xor     eax, 0A3D74660h
xor     eax, 0CB7883EFh
not     eax
add     eax, 6995E460h
add     eax, 0F1D4BC2Bh
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 7BC35CE6h
sub     eax, 1E1D3669h
xor     eax, 0AA0FF010h
xor     eax, 854AD171h
add     eax, 9DA152CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 28832A8Dh
sub     eax, 0D8FA826Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F1A46BE1h
sub     eax, 2D1F24CFh
sub     eax, 90C11A2Dh
sub     eax, 25EEF726h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 7
rol     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 1E050B37h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 0A018D605h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C500B51Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0A4930A9Ch
xor     eax, 0DDEF9BA2h
sub     eax, 8537C7AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3C826E06h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A6FD78DFh
sub     eax, 3294A6C8h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 8BAC5C15h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 8F9BDA62h
xor     eax, 0BE25E933h
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0D240BFC0h
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 24AC22D5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BA8BE297h
sub     eax, 3C47AA20h
not     eax
sub     eax, 1EE76BF3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 92760EA8h
xor     eax, 5B3A8B31h
xor     eax, 43A2BAB8h
add     eax, 0F6D9048Bh
add     eax, 0C60F5AD9h
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0C3389C50h
xor     eax, 7090917Bh
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
sub     eax, 721F732Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 3C9EF9BFh
add     eax, 42FAB9CEh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0D6E4091Ch
add     eax, 0E43E90DBh
sub     eax, 0F238FA90h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 5B144F3Bh
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5850113Dh
xor     eax, 22D7D522h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 9E0FFDC6h
sub     eax, 6F82CA14h
sub     eax, 0E6EF7A14h
add     eax, 0FBE91D55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 3B7279A7h
add     eax, 55E16BD5h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 90172904h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1CE32DCDh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 41156E11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DDA2228Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 2D58BD1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E1819472h
xor     eax, 0D467F9A5h
xor     eax, 7447DD91h
sub     eax, 7AEA785Ch
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CE4A581Ah
sub     eax, 4228F501h
rol     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 457670CDh
sub     eax, 0C44C6594h
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 7E2FB804h
sub     eax, 8F8E0198h
add     eax, 7A57D546h
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 6458149Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E6C84F1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 836AD8E9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 82316776h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
sub     eax, 77119AB0h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 27FD106Ah
xor     eax, 49956271h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E400F7E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1E88F1FFh
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
xor     eax, 47A03157h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 0B9C283B0h
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 34091F97h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FA94F68Dh
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 28850B39h
add     eax, 6E50C94Fh
add     eax, 8FCD8FADh
ror     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 2946A8F7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AEC2CB83h
add     eax, 850A8C9Ah
sub     eax, 1A8CF38Ah
ror     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0AB8E428Ah
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 5A32AC40h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0E88951C3h
add     eax, 5616CE53h
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 8796D287h
xor     eax, 0A35C7487h
add     eax, 499AD335h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 20h
xor     eax, 8919BAD7h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 7E0A7881h
sub     eax, 3DADABE2h
add     eax, 8CFEB401h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 253DA8EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 18h
sub     eax, 5ADDCEC0h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 130B3DCEh
ror     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C3815BE9h
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B1364D7Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 50DC0ECFh
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 3640ABA3h
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B02FB480h
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 3C149AB1h
xor     eax, 783D5779h
add     eax, 9714D916h
add     eax, 70BC5863h
xor     eax, 0A0F6D8C8h
xor     eax, 541EFE09h
sub     eax, 775A543Fh
sub     eax, 15085865h
add     eax, 3DC61E93h
xor     eax, 27DBD596h
add     eax, 0E587987Fh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 729EA39Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 916A3D91h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 15h
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0E62C938Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DFB1F00Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C4D422C1h
add     eax, 3934DDEAh
not     eax
xor     eax, 27A18D87h
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ch
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 57C1B754h
add     eax, 6BA790A2h
sub     eax, 0A268CADAh
sub     eax, 0E1D988DFh
add     eax, 91076688h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2593B0EFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 13938B1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 2
not     eax
add     eax, 0AA4285BDh
not     eax
xor     eax, 9A2E4998h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E5E8D668h
rol     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
xor     eax, 24EE29BCh
rol     eax, 6
not     eax
add     eax, 4FE6A47Bh
xor     eax, 0B8A696B1h
not     eax
sub     eax, 96643C2Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A8EB013Fh
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 77867BF2h
xor     eax, 36AB86BCh
not     eax
xor     eax, 749F854Ch
add     eax, 86EFEFA8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4EA4E8DBh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0AF900759h
xor     eax, 900053B0h
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 65D1082Ch
add     eax, 7AFDFBA7h
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 4F6E7F1Eh
xor     eax, 2110459Ch
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3AE2C436h
xor     eax, 0E43571F5h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0EF17C6E4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A1FB9797h
xor     eax, 3A7C4BE4h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0AF59DBDDh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0AC1B5C25h
xor     eax, 7E506DF0h
add     eax, 1FB823BDh
xor     eax, 2EF853C1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F4D10591h
xor     eax, 80E8F20Dh
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 4F3989D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 358A4BACh
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 600BBE38h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 1DC83A7Bh
rol     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5B1F4F18h
sub     eax, 10BE9E34h
add     eax, 7D0F23CEh
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5F6244D6h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0C34B188Fh
add     eax, 0AF78AA11h
sub     eax, 2BE26C34h
add     eax, 3736BDFFh
sub     eax, 0C4B2EEDEh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 191DFE65h
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 73FE2BD9h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C330C4D6h
xor     eax, 15CB807Eh
rol     eax, 3
add     eax, 9983EE43h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 3
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0D2484CA9h
ror     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 3830EE5Eh
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0D18FF504h
add     eax, 637A1429h
xor     eax, 0E7FAB202h
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 91D9FC8Bh
xor     eax, 1B08A8CDh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0A8557483h
add     eax, 2E72F7D4h
add     eax, 0D7B36007h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B22B1D11h
sub     eax, 0A30C4A5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 75707800h
xor     eax, 0E0FAB58Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 94DD1A75h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0E1DCD6DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 1AB69B20h
rol     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 6E333F69h
add     eax, 0D76EAD99h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 22E651CEh
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0CFB2DBECh
add     eax, 6F763A34h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0F22E59FCh
add     eax, 7EAE5C95h
xor     eax, 91EB0181h
add     eax, 0B5823118h
sub     eax, 0E3A60E17h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0B0100859h
sub     eax, 6F2EAD47h
sub     eax, 0F82CAF93h
not     eax
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 1
xor     eax, 0EA9442F1h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E83D2C0Bh
sub     eax, 0C604FC02h
add     eax, 2FDCD262h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4FA5F81Dh
add     eax, 8147EE82h
sub     eax, 0C0CE3D80h
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DFF6059Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 115D699Eh
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 74823B4Bh
rol     eax, 0Bh
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 0CD64B3A0h
add     eax, 80731FC1h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A73A888Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0C4BC3D55h
sub     eax, 755FDC35h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 17h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0FE24680Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 17h
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0C9118A4Dh
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0DAC3EC1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 97C93879h
ror     eax, 2
sub     eax, 6DD1B39Fh
sub     eax, 5BB056B6h
sub     eax, 4E06194Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BF6CACAAh
sub     eax, 0C236D430h
rol     eax, 17h
add     eax, 13398743h
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 71CA2733h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 348A190Eh
xor     eax, 0EF8F3955h
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 50001585h
add     eax, 0E605F288h
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 5871A20Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 1DAF1F4Fh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 2547CEAAh
add     eax, 0F78487A5h
ror     eax, 16h
not     eax
rol     eax, 5
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 5896B1BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 7A800808h
ror     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 65C06D70h
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Eh
sub     eax, 0FAF58E92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AAAC7D6Ch
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 41069CCBh
ror     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 427DA644h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D32CCD0Ah
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BBD61309h
sub     eax, 126D327Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 549682AAh
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 1E103FF1h
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 5A9795DDh
ror     eax, 5
xor     eax, 9D7A9A70h
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 0E2AC06FDh
add     eax, 0CA9F695Ah
add     eax, 1046AC1Dh
sub     eax, 22BC2B34h
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0C6B37CB4h
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 0F4431029h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
not     eax
xor     eax, 4C779ACEh
add     eax, 5C845BB7h
xor     eax, 0E459E981h
add     eax, 606B7E2Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0A06B99AFh
sub     eax, 8199C872h
rol     eax, 20h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FB687D56h
xor     eax, 335EAAB4h
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 0EE8CB389h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 14DFF71Ah
add     eax, 895CD573h
ror     eax, 2
xor     eax, 23C09B49h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 29CC3993h
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 995D1C12h
rol     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 0C28BB713h
sub     eax, 8F6AC694h
rol     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0A783D3DCh
add     eax, 0D30C079Dh
xor     eax, 589CE85Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 233AAFE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 12041C92h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 4
not     eax
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
add     eax, 404D33D3h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0B8CB9856h
add     eax, 616ADFE2h
rol     eax, 1Ch
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 4B2707B8h
sub     eax, 3918BA89h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 0A05A7664h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 24188EC7h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0DAB93C75h
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0BDC5B722h
add     eax, 6C1C4C24h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0B2349102h
add     eax, 1F8DEA67h
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 5888DDF1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 0C9E004EEh
add     eax, 5AF9CE63h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0A9917FE9h
xor     eax, 91547379h
add     eax, 0BEAEAB30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F8843590h
xor     eax, 7EC3B18Bh
ror     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E254A3F8h
sub     eax, 0B719BFC9h
add     eax, 57D0B41Dh
rol     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 42E8747Ch
add     eax, 71F3039Eh
xor     eax, 0D65703D6h
xor     eax, 37E7CA8Ah
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1FA559C7h
sub     eax, 3FE6E801h
not     eax
xor     eax, 3CA562A0h
add     eax, 552D6301h
xor     eax, 11BF296Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 45F73667h
add     eax, 7755341Ch
sub     eax, 60B50C29h
ror     eax, 2
add     eax, 0C66C08D0h
add     eax, 576A03F3h
not     eax
add     eax, 0BFE972A4h
sub     eax, 0FD3F4BD0h
not     eax
sub     eax, 60E34D8Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 8A524E8Bh
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 6A052EF3h
add     eax, 2597F708h
add     eax, 3F2EEF46h
add     eax, 0F17DF011h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0BA17B639h
sub     eax, 0CF5A8AABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 37B50A1Eh
add     eax, 1DCB360Ah
rol     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0C20D8658h
sub     eax, 69A83CD4h
add     eax, 3C89DAB9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 2AAF6E17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E8D5A4A9h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 22506F58h
xor     eax, 67057891h
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 5E4F55FBh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0E618313Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
sub     eax, 457BAADFh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D54FB5A5h
add     eax, 2DBE628Bh
sub     eax, 7F5D506Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F5D2F09Eh
xor     eax, 169109DBh
add     eax, 6FD08D45h
xor     eax, 44EDA782h
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 321756B9h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 740BA052h
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 235896F3h
xor     eax, 0DAB6B4DAh
xor     eax, 73965536h
add     eax, 525553E1h
add     eax, 61B1629Dh
sub     eax, 6EAFCE24h
xor     eax, 2E7B1CDEh
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 0E17524F3h
not     eax
xor     eax, 9A71EBE4h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 0EDA7FC11h
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 0D613D3CAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 5AABD969h
xor     eax, 88A69910h
add     eax, 81D5CBE1h
xor     eax, 57DA7EE7h
sub     eax, 7A859A28h
rol     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 89531BD5h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5DAD7E6Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 7C8DB5B6h
sub     eax, 360453E3h
rol     eax, 5
xor     eax, 0FE69DA64h
not     eax
sub     eax, 445BFD22h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 39B0B401h
xor     eax, 0B9468BC1h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0E26E92B2h
sub     eax, 0ADFC4B59h
not     eax
xor     eax, 53ABD5E4h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0B021DB86h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0C6D8E327h
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B134261Ch
add     eax, 99D69564h
xor     eax, 513BE1B6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 584E2E73h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 3
xor     eax, 2F8E10B1h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 77E6FA3Dh
rol     eax, 4
xor     eax, 3B031EA8h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 319006DBh
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 7
xor     eax, 2227D90Ah
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B29D7756h
add     eax, 455C445Bh
xor     eax, 903F973Fh
sub     eax, 50D7C916h
add     eax, 1BCB6D85h
xor     eax, 8271F90Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0CD12505Ch
add     eax, 9C76DC8Bh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 553ECB5Dh
ror     eax, 11h
not     eax
add     eax, 948D8356h
sub     eax, 67C77FF1h
add     eax, 8CA9E526h
add     eax, 0B26A1F0Ch
sub     eax, 0C764F916h
sub     eax, 0DFE17B90h
not     eax
ror     eax, 13h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 4
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 6B598CA1h
add     eax, 592DCFECh
sub     eax, 0A548C441h
xor     eax, 0BB6AEF3Bh
xor     eax, 0EFD0E49Dh
add     eax, 0FDAA8534h
sub     eax, 1DB7ED1Dh
add     eax, 0AC30C037h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 9A6E01B1h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 5C13D779h
sub     eax, 9E5C999Dh
add     eax, 709E69D7h
ror     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 8802DF33h
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 3CDA54E7h
not     eax
add     eax, 2756BB43h
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4269E538h
add     eax, 0B8FBC5A1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AA61D76Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
add     eax, 6F713F5Fh
ror     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 7E52EA1Dh
xor     eax, 0E3AA6DECh
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 59EC8CE5h
xor     eax, 0DC072951h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 10C10CB7h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 6A99F658h
add     eax, 5237E2D4h
sub     eax, 0CFFD38E2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 0DC7424EAh
ror     eax, 16h
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0D88921B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 255BA17Ah
sub     eax, 8F4189E9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E5FD267Eh
xor     eax, 0FB6B24F1h
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 6DA7C6C9h
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0C03E80F9h
ror     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0FC3CCC6Ah
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0FA1A9FDCh
not     eax
add     eax, 4FF450BCh
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0BB01D8AAh
rol     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 6
add     eax, 9E9EB79Eh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 68F0A1F7h
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0DD336069h
sub     eax, 0DC8FDBF6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 150B8577h
add     eax, 0F869DD20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 1C1203AAh
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
sub     eax, 4C6127FEh
add     eax, 888068CFh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0AE33B2FBh
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 90C137A8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 63A5CAC3h
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F8BE9F00h
add     eax, 3DC4CD0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0B5EC1074h
ror     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
add     eax, 157ABD0Bh
xor     eax, 57A018C9h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 95788459h
add     eax, 214DED4Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5CFA187Dh
ror     eax, 1Dh
sub     eax, 9C1970C5h
xor     eax, 0CFD183C1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 4089381Ah
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0DD69743Fh
add     eax, 94A982A4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 2D7173F2h
ror     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0DADA6670h
sub     eax, 0C004863Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 928D5024h
xor     eax, 0DB32BBE6h
sub     eax, 989C58D7h
sub     eax, 0E5D0DF17h
add     eax, 0AAE925FCh
xor     eax, 4AD3FB24h
xor     eax, 0AFD0D1FBh
add     eax, 5BE4BD85h
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0ED1607B9h
xor     eax, 0E99A6EA9h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 0A1D2756Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 1A4C0F63h
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D6374312h
add     eax, 711F106Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C676D8CBh
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C07380C8h
add     eax, 97C34C3Bh
add     eax, 0A72A7204h
sub     eax, 788B7E57h
ror     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2F737C7Eh
ror     eax, 1Bh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 3DD34C52h
sub     eax, 0A4A9F275h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 3582CB0Ch
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AC0B951Dh
ror     eax, 4
add     eax, 80C5035Fh
xor     eax, 0A0B81F08h
add     eax, 0A239F9E0h
xor     eax, 0ABFDFE86h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 478C4AAAh
xor     eax, 3C47C27Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 5ADF6A61h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 0FCE09758h
sub     eax, 71B7AEEAh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 1BE49E14h
not     eax
add     eax, 83EE2DF6h
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 15DEFA21h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8B9E2E75h
add     eax, 3AF5B8D3h
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0E1FE4335h
ror     eax, 7
sub     eax, 0A9356026h
rol     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 0FB27B438h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 5C4D316Fh
xor     eax, 0A8C4FD1Ch
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 9562D6D0h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0EBA3CE66h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 0FB34FC93h
xor     eax, 27620B63h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 3228EE04h
xor     eax, 8177B0B2h
rol     eax, 19h
xor     eax, 0E31D7DF6h
add     eax, 7D514C4Eh
ror     eax, 6
xor     eax, 2FC440ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 21E42083h
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0F7D23D61h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0BDF1874Dh
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 4AA5F4DEh
sub     eax, 64387568h
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 5802BA19h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 865BF895h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F20EBF13h
add     eax, 492B5015h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BD92D168h
sub     eax, 5D5AB39Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 9
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0A0668A40h
add     eax, 67DB02F6h
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0A321B629h
ror     eax, 1Eh
add     eax, 70FFD9A0h
not     eax
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 2BCB4ACAh
rol     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A4D7CB04h
sub     eax, 17EA30FCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2EA2529Fh
sub     eax, 0CB9C3682h
xor     eax, 0B718178Fh
add     eax, 0CEED2B78h
ror     eax, 19h
sub     eax, 0CEFCA845h
xor     eax, 75EF5F46h
rol     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 54C20800h
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 897326EBh
xor     eax, 0E4A254F4h
xor     eax, 0FCC0DE8Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 499474BCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0AD98E5DBh
xor     eax, 36B2E45Bh
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 16h
xor     eax, 0E7B23B18h
sub     eax, 2510F729h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0DB4E3B87h
add     eax, 0A107EC85h
sub     eax, 1241FF89h
xor     eax, 0E8A3C02Ah
add     eax, 9EF6532Ch
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 43302BC1h
ror     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2AAC624Ah
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 3044A8E3h
sub     eax, 401E62B7h
xor     eax, 55E16E2Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 78812AE8h
not     eax
sub     eax, 57CB659Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DDA976F7h
xor     eax, 63FF2180h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0E79D1D32h
xor     eax, 0E917FBF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B03F0BA1h
add     eax, 0E813DA7Ch
sub     eax, 4E6F924Dh
add     eax, 1632D3CAh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 88347D2Bh
xor     eax, 1348176Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F419546Dh
sub     eax, 93DABC87h
sub     eax, 7CA88F7Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 92AC28F5h
add     eax, 0EC77868Eh
sub     eax, 47983FF3h
sub     eax, 89ACB590h
add     eax, 9D872B59h
add     eax, 4055B229h
xor     eax, 30E08CD2h
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ACE4FD07h
sub     eax, 401CED30h
ror     eax, 20h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Ah
add     eax, 7445163Dh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9FC643E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 6DFCE1F3h
rol     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 0EEFD5179h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 0B2609F56h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8FC875F6h
ror     eax, 11h
ror     eax, 1Dh
xor     eax, 0ACAE66ADh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 87375198h
add     eax, 69FE6F92h
ror     eax, 7
add     eax, 0A60CD3BCh
xor     eax, 0AAD7E524h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 4B873479h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 64A198B6h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 20h
sub     eax, 618A93B2h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0ECE88FB3h
sub     eax, 0D3918DADh
xor     eax, 5330F874h
sub     eax, 0B030C547h
xor     eax, 1BB258F9h
xor     eax, 0D3369C5Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0E8D07C3Fh
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EAAA469Dh
add     eax, 0D0F49C0Ch
xor     eax, 0EB76A781h
sub     eax, 0D68576D9h
add     eax, 7C9B13D0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 60D5A9F2h
sub     eax, 0AE4F8C2Fh
rol     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 20h
add     eax, 1989C9DFh
add     eax, 9A226096h
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0CBF0E067h
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 5515422Dh
xor     eax, 0B756AF89h
ror     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 61CBD524h
not     eax
add     eax, 0B75964A6h
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FE331CBCh
xor     eax, 0CD0ADB75h
add     eax, 26B11845h
sub     eax, 0A4448D56h
not     eax
add     eax, 24553190h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 0B9B0A68Fh
add     eax, 840205C1h
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0CF498CC2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0B0CDC7D4h
add     eax, 0F8E4F2EEh
sub     eax, 5D3AC7EBh
ror     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 14h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F6AA7E82h
sub     eax, 1FDA8722h
add     eax, 0B1017E18h
not     eax
sub     eax, 15C5AE39h
sub     eax, 0F198E96Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
sub     eax, 444A78FCh
sub     eax, 688E7716h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 0Ah
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
not     eax
ror     eax, 6
sub     eax, 9600B8F0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 12h
not     eax
add     eax, 5AE99C55h
xor     eax, 99353385h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 98EDDE43h
add     eax, 101A187Eh
not     eax
add     eax, 0FABCC31Eh
sub     eax, 2CB67E0Eh
add     eax, 0D6ECC3CAh
add     eax, 804C8736h
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0A1C422BDh
add     eax, 0E82830B3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0D0C8B7A3h
rol     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Ch
xor     eax, 82BD2AFCh
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0B11226AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0F991F5BFh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 898031FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AD8CCED6h
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 17h
xor     eax, 79111209h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FE4E8BFFh
xor     eax, 1FFB46F8h
add     eax, 0ED5F95B6h
ror     eax, 6
rol     eax, 5
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
add     eax, 0DB20F8D8h
ror     eax, 0Ch
rol     eax, 1Fh
add     eax, 7C802868h
not     eax
xor     eax, 183E8AF9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 0BF7025ABh
add     eax, 90D281B1h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 3E27BE02h
xor     eax, 9432C6CAh
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0FB6ACA30h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7C404B41h
add     eax, 7B25CBA3h
add     eax, 464B86C0h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 324F2972h
add     eax, 0F1A3FAC7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2DA55FF1h
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 43C9A24Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 2
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
add     eax, 0CD2B3191h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E4F6BBB4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FFBDE4ABh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 72DB98B7h
ror     eax, 9
xor     eax, 3CB62A80h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 3A90C716h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0FD07353Bh
rol     eax, 1Eh
sub     eax, 0C0C548A3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0AF847BFCh
add     eax, 934DEF16h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 0FFAFC646h
add     eax, 40408F49h
ror     eax, 19h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0C3D695E1h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 0E6EE0663h
not     eax
add     eax, 3BB4C015h
add     eax, 0EB62A48Bh
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 997569D8h
ror     eax, 8
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 84AFC6D0h
xor     eax, 0B9E1C3E0h
ror     eax, 15h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0BDD6ACB3h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 9CF8B56Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 3CD7469Dh
rol     eax, 17h
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0A467C370h
add     eax, 9797ED6Ch
xor     eax, 6C293027h
xor     eax, 64C34028h
ror     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 15509DF1h
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0E42B7E5Dh
ror     eax, 3
xor     eax, 741F1C0Fh
sub     eax, 0B4F0CC1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 27622240h
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 307BF0B0h
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
add     eax, 573F953Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 66229FA6h
sub     eax, 0D9C9C6CDh
add     eax, 0E32362D8h
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 7557D382h
xor     eax, 1128CA3Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
rol     eax, 8
add     eax, 4D9E2DABh
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0D194CA26h
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 3DC5DA5Fh
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D876132Dh
add     eax, 0DD05F211h
rol     eax, 4
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 2896605Fh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 8
rol     eax, 14h
sub     eax, 86A2CA78h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 53AA09B4h
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
ror     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 19h
ror     eax, 5
rol     eax, 1
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 29920460h
xor     eax, 7120C894h
xor     eax, 3D61151Fh
xor     eax, 0D3E704FAh
xor     eax, 4FE62C80h
xor     eax, 0CFC39F2Ch
add     eax, 62DDC34Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 9DF917C5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 257120AAh
sub     eax, 3179AF64h
xor     eax, 430DBE3Fh
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 753B6487h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 24C3FF1Eh
xor     eax, 0EE61A9EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 8AC3CE4Dh
rol     eax, 6
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 438DB9DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 1Bh
sub     eax, 0AA4EF155h
sub     eax, 89570E4Bh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F2600A05h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
add     eax, 0AA6607C2h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 0B38A2149h
add     eax, 0A4D5FD81h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 45F251CDh
not     eax
sub     eax, 190FBAF8h
rol     eax, 13h
xor     eax, 324EA30Dh
ror     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0DE6248BDh
xor     eax, 702DE5EAh
rol     eax, 3
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0FC3D3609h
not     eax
add     eax, 366DD525h
xor     eax, 0C261A90Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 2E90DFB6h
ror     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 13h
sub     eax, 696C760Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 4E421FA1h
sub     eax, 5F711E60h
xor     eax, 0E45E3662h
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 295EF932h
add     eax, 0F50A3014h
sub     eax, 5FE1846Ah
add     eax, 8B12CB7Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 176AB7ADh
ror     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 539EB367h
sub     eax, 1417939Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0BF0BE6B9h
ror     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EAD5D2C6h
xor     eax, 0CE99D0EDh
sub     eax, 0F4B24742h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4A090F06h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 49B4EAC8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0D82E1C06h
add     eax, 49C567E0h
sub     eax, 8B4B6AA1h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2E2A940Bh
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0D94396B8h
add     eax, 0A6B46AD3h
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0AD50704Fh
xor     eax, 93B4CF92h
xor     eax, 478F4FC6h
sub     eax, 1745C60Dh
xor     eax, 2C2EA943h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
add     eax, 28EEE61Dh
xor     eax, 695A3198h
ror     eax, 0Dh
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4631D7FDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0C70A9887h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F9EBE702h
xor     eax, 2DC43B7Ch
ror     eax, 16h
add     eax, 0F15E5BF6h
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0FD7B5F0Ch
xor     eax, 0FE7ED034h
sub     eax, 3F6FC5E9h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 12h
add     eax, 0B2637E6Ch
rol     eax, 2
ror     eax, 12h
xor     eax, 5B7EDC35h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0C9558340h
sub     eax, 0F376D63Ch
ror     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 8DB9FB9Eh
xor     eax, 536FCE08h
rol     eax, 9
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0A540FDF4h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
sub     eax, 6C931E38h
xor     eax, 5B302798h
not     eax
add     eax, 6EA09E95h
xor     eax, 9E56C0EDh
add     eax, 0DB08E205h
rol     eax, 0Ah
xor     eax, 0BF3779B1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 217970ABh
sub     eax, 95248B0Ch
sub     eax, 363A7B1Dh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 13h
not     eax
add     eax, 0FEE10B71h
sub     eax, 0E2640388h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6039647Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 3F5534FBh
xor     eax, 0F1163BD1h
add     eax, 68AE93DAh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 13BA4F5Bh
add     eax, 4DE8BDA9h
add     eax, 9095F224h
not     eax
sub     eax, 577809AFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 2A0947A9h
xor     eax, 0BE27B877h
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 4CB38338h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 54A2B58Bh
sub     eax, 30035EF1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 2B096D5Bh
xor     eax, 84DF37DCh
add     eax, 2118BED3h
add     eax, 7BBBDF09h
sub     eax, 1EE7BE28h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 2A0E3E20h
ror     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 2FC558CFh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 792CA064h
sub     eax, 6BA80EAEh
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0D2F501AEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 13h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 20C60751h
sub     eax, 6A44C75Fh
add     eax, 1EE13B9Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 8
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 0D3FFE099h
rol     eax, 1Bh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1E49B4F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0B5327244h
add     eax, 0B97AE970h
add     eax, 196F9000h
ror     eax, 1Fh
ror     eax, 16h
sub     eax, 2477E5FCh
add     eax, 6C89CD2Bh
xor     eax, 88C69DF9h
sub     eax, 1D81E60Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 27294864h
not     eax
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0A6C1E975h
add     eax, 37365A31h
sub     eax, 0E11446B8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
xor     eax, 92C20381h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 5
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 98C4BD81h
sub     eax, 0C4DAEE55h
not     eax
sub     eax, 2BBC45A5h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0CA147E38h
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
add     eax, 30042514h
ror     eax, 1Dh
rol     eax, 8
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 5CC2A789h
sub     eax, 119C5712h
xor     eax, 0F9333BB6h
add     eax, 3DD4059Dh
add     eax, 0F6E6F8EEh
add     eax, 22FFD6F6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 94D4BDF2h
sub     eax, 34650033h
xor     eax, 0E94E20B4h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 0D3D69197h
add     eax, 0C4C9DD5Dh
rol     eax, 2
xor     eax, 0B693007Eh
sub     eax, 27FFD938h
xor     eax, 62E30BCFh
rol     eax, 19h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0D0F8EF0Fh
not     eax
add     eax, 2310E6A8h
sub     eax, 9828A60Bh
sub     eax, 0FD7A9709h
add     eax, 0A9303363h
sub     eax, 853FF636h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CDE17810h
xor     eax, 9D10E0D4h
add     eax, 6CA7CCEBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D3D802B9h
add     eax, 7A86677Ch
ror     eax, 17h
rol     eax, 16h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0AD027928h
sub     eax, 995017C2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 0D662B522h
ror     eax, 0Dh
not     eax
xor     eax, 3FEB618Bh
add     eax, 0A1987BEFh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 17h
add     eax, 0CDD3DCA8h
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0E35C3177h
add     eax, 2DBED821h
sub     eax, 2FFA0AF1h
ror     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 69463541h
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 50E42363h
add     eax, 0C95C703Ch
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 457BBE4Bh
sub     eax, 82314E1Ah
xor     eax, 0BC800250h
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 64D97CCCh
xor     eax, 0FF0DF960h
sub     eax, 6C0C3246h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 2
sub     eax, 857009FEh
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Fh
xor     eax, 4E318B53h
xor     eax, 62AB07F2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
sub     eax, 0EC447D86h
xor     eax, 0F8119486h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A32492DEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BCDA780Ah
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 1DF0C782h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 883E760Bh
add     eax, 0E9A38D93h
rol     eax, 0Dh
rol     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
sub     eax, 71E10CC8h
add     eax, 326F6B06h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0BE1C3BCCh
ror     eax, 8
xor     eax, 382F0403h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 9AE1DC8Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
sub     eax, 0F22B2CA6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3F5B3C3Fh
xor     eax, 875E8C63h
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 5
add     eax, 37BCA8DFh
not     eax
xor     eax, 7D5F826Bh
ror     eax, 1Fh
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0E9D6ADBDh
not     eax
ror     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 136350E8h
add     eax, 0D5529CD4h
add     eax, 629775F0h
not     eax
xor     eax, 5721E8E0h
xor     eax, 93CFA36Bh
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 3F593302h
add     eax, 0F7715220h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 890B6151h
add     eax, 0F544C81Eh
rol     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1
rol     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 3D7324D4h
xor     eax, 0E84A1B9Fh
add     eax, 985A3454h
sub     eax, 0D18BB5F2h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0D64DA83Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 0BA770200h
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 14h
xor     eax, 0EE1D1271h
xor     eax, 267F5AB3h
add     eax, 0D6FF47ECh
xor     eax, 8CD2C0F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 621B8224h
sub     eax, 26B61203h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9ECD6DB9h
add     eax, 6D0A576Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
add     eax, 6FAEA770h
sub     eax, 12C69D3Ah
xor     eax, 70BE6BB6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5BE5E7E0h
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 0CE23922Dh
xor     eax, 0A054C6D4h
xor     eax, 13C4E8C6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0BB147EEDh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 18h
add     eax, 243372FFh
add     eax, 72D1E4D8h
rol     eax, 0Fh
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
sub     eax, 0EC6E80E9h
xor     eax, 56F6100Fh
sub     eax, 213486A8h
xor     eax, 3C44BFD5h
rol     eax, 20h
add     eax, 17036872h
not     eax
sub     eax, 9D8FBA27h
xor     eax, 847F1CF3h
sub     eax, 5EFA564Dh
ror     eax, 4
xor     eax, 0A8A35CDAh
not     eax
add     eax, 66596938h
xor     eax, 0FBEEA3F8h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0C6101051h
xor     eax, 3EF51F15h
sub     eax, 0FDA413BCh
rol     eax, 18h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 80D59473h
xor     eax, 0FFDBE5F4h
ror     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0BBA88169h
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 10A4D36Eh
add     eax, 0E1BCD716h
add     eax, 6BEA8810h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F2AED4FFh
sub     eax, 60A1DB98h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 62CF67D3h
rol     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 3BC21444h
not     eax
add     eax, 8EBC244Bh
rol     eax, 5
sub     eax, 3FCB8F02h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 7
add     eax, 3DC7994Bh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
sub     eax, 70AAC6EEh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 73501EB8h
rol     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 5A2F0D4Fh
xor     eax, 5AF77804h
sub     eax, 0B799B38Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F9EE99C2h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0EBFF9176h
xor     eax, 0CBA9574Dh
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 0A46246DAh
xor     eax, 87BE3B76h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 1A4F6C21h
sub     eax, 302EF5B9h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 3
rol     eax, 7
xor     eax, 6B554A17h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 6869C11Ah
add     eax, 3F77611Fh
xor     eax, 80F83FBEh
add     eax, 35623D25h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 2FC3EE46h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 71E36EA5h
ror     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 1D93349Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
add     eax, 0D7BFF54Ah
ror     eax, 0Bh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 2
add     eax, 0CEEF635Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Bh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 5
sub     eax, 6A80AA38h
add     eax, 0F317DE88h
ror     eax, 4
rol     eax, 8
sub     eax, 9CB9D63Eh
add     eax, 8DA1AB0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 6
add     eax, 7A04848Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 745FA1EEh
ror     eax, 9
rol     eax, 11h
sub     eax, 0A7616AA9h
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
xor     eax, 55C7D837h
xor     eax, 6D1C92E4h
add     eax, 1AB80BC6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E86DB5C1h
sub     eax, 6808E10Fh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0F6148D23h
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
not     eax
not     eax
xor     eax, 0DD2BD452h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5678A1E7h
add     eax, 7B13D0F8h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 0A0214BE5h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
rol     eax, 14h
rol     eax, 11h
xor     eax, 3F5C4FBCh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0F8C94A7Eh
not     eax
sub     eax, 24252E9Eh
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 18h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CFB04051h
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Ch
add     eax, 0B1886E04h
rol     eax, 0Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 75BFA3DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 32607C55h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 92E7864Ah
xor     eax, 0D46B6B6Bh
xor     eax, 5DA03DA8h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 7
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Fh
rol     eax, 5
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
sub     eax, 0FBD846D0h
sub     eax, 0AE255AB4h
xor     eax, 63E78C78h
rol     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 77E1847Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 15h
xor     eax, 0E5C1F059h
sub     eax, 9FDEA1D4h
xor     eax, 35DD6D45h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 89BC6850h
xor     eax, 1AE24189h
ror     eax, 1
not     eax
ror     eax, 1
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 905C7138h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 84800913h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0DEFE7360h
xor     eax, 56583560h
rol     eax, 2
rol     eax, 1Dh
add     eax, 97C93D4Ch
add     eax, 0CFCED1DDh
not     eax
add     eax, 97B8EDCDh
xor     eax, 9BB95660h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0CD04CE9Dh
rol     eax, 15h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 5527A115h
ror     eax, 10h
add     eax, 16645198h
add     eax, 0B87E0BEAh
xor     eax, 0F8F76BB5h
ror     eax, 18h
add     eax, 0D52FA96Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
ror     eax, 12h
sub     eax, 0E4B58ADFh
add     eax, 3604318Ah
add     eax, 91FCDDC9h
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0B9DF658Fh
sub     eax, 0F55756BAh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 0Ah
sub     eax, 0C75986D4h
xor     eax, 1C8EB23Dh
rol     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 14h
add     eax, 0C287C527h
rol     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 3D6492DBh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0A774D2BAh
rol     eax, 0Fh
not     eax
xor     eax, 0F75BEA0Ah
sub     eax, 0B03A646Bh
rol     eax, 6
xor     eax, 0FABB7543h
not     eax
xor     eax, 0A207CEAFh
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 3
ror     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 0EBC084E3h
xor     eax, 5670DBF9h
ror     eax, 7
not     eax
add     eax, 4BC18F9Fh
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 3A2B016Bh
not     eax
ror     eax, 19h
add     eax, 3B9523DEh
rol     eax, 6
sub     eax, 0EAFD155Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 91867A6Ah
ror     eax, 3
not     eax
add     eax, 725F70B6h
ror     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
xor     eax, 0C6D82C0Bh
not     eax
add     eax, 9709A7B5h
add     eax, 9826D6F5h
xor     eax, 98758D4Eh
ror     eax, 1
add     eax, 0D85B6592h
rol     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FFA40FF4h
xor     eax, 2FAA193Eh
not     eax
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 14h
not     eax
xor     eax, 8CEEE2F6h
ror     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 1C9753E6h
rol     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0E6D115F6h
add     eax, 24E37B70h
add     eax, 9C9EA242h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
rol     eax, 7
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2C15E4FCh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 10h
rol     eax, 16h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 105FD7DEh
ror     eax, 1Eh
xor     eax, 2CF623C3h
ror     eax, 0Bh
add     eax, 10CE4503h
sub     eax, 0BC17F66Bh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 0Dh
xor     eax, 0FD3120F1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
sub     eax, 46EEBE14h
rol     eax, 11h
rol     eax, 0Ch
add     eax, 0B1AAB4DCh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 1BAB43DCh
add     eax, 15C45C18h
not     eax
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 33E80F21h
xor     eax, 0ADA9E92Ah
add     eax, 66BEE158h
rol     eax, 13h
rol     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Bh
xor     eax, 0C3D86509h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8CA196A5h
rol     eax, 11h
not     eax
ror     eax, 10h
not     eax
add     eax, 0F6B75D17h
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
sub     eax, 0CD3206E1h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 98527D59h
ror     eax, 4
sub     eax, 337FB3FBh
xor     eax, 0BDEBDA66h
add     eax, 6E7EE897h
xor     eax, 0B89B737Dh
sub     eax, 468E50DDh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 2009C8CCh
add     eax, 71051182h
rol     eax, 0Eh
add     eax, 39E3C666h
xor     eax, 7A66815Dh
ror     eax, 0Ch
xor     eax, 0CFD07FEBh
not     eax
xor     eax, 1226C3C8h
add     eax, 4F0E14B5h
sub     eax, 9E8A5C07h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 4DBE7DE7h
add     eax, 8C85F9F6h
sub     eax, 62AF223Ch
ror     eax, 1Bh
xor     eax, 0B9BED8DAh
add     eax, 53722B0Ah
rol     eax, 1Ah
not     eax
rol     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
not     eax
add     eax, 0FE616935h
xor     eax, 45668CFBh
rol     eax, 0Fh
sub     eax, 0E9637353h
sub     eax, 0D21DB65Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
ror     eax, 0Ah
not     eax
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 1E56BFE7h
sub     eax, 7B4BC283h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Ah
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
xor     eax, 13986C1Ah
add     eax, 1F019509h
xor     eax, 0D030F304h
add     eax, 0B890C78Fh
rol     eax, 15h
rol     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
xor     eax, 0CAF951D0h
rol     eax, 11h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 79BC2F99h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Dh
sub     eax, 0D0CEBCE5h
xor     eax, 2781E8D7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Fh
sub     eax, 833DA396h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 0Eh
xor     eax, 6E22915Fh
add     eax, 0F1AFB43Ch
not     eax
rol     eax, 9
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 3
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 6B54B195h
rol     eax, 0Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 4
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 3F4EC0A1h
sub     eax, 0D6796331h
add     eax, 0D67C8F78h
rol     eax, 1Dh
not     eax
not     eax
rol     eax, 0Ch
ror     eax, 12h
add     eax, 4536085Ah
xor     eax, 235795A9h
not     eax
ror     eax, 1Eh
rol     eax, 19h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0B2EBE457h
not     eax
not     eax
ror     eax, 0Eh
ror     eax, 0Bh
not     eax
sub     eax, 0B4AAD78Fh
add     eax, 388BB2F6h
rol     eax, 16h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 1Eh
not     eax
not     eax
sub     eax, 99FCF2A4h
ror     eax, 5
not     eax
add     eax, 3F2E6183h
sub     eax, 9A76BF94h
add     eax, 331DA237h
ror     eax, 18h
ror     eax, 0Eh
rol     eax, 6
rol     eax, 20h
ror     eax, 1Dh
ror     eax, 1
rol     eax, 2
not     eax
sub     eax, 5E2C77E7h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 0Ch
sub     eax, 0DCA1FCA6h
rol     eax, 20h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
rol     eax, 19h
add     eax, 2D53AE5Dh
ror     eax, 1Ah
xor     eax, 6E585A75h
add     eax, 303C1CE7h
ror     eax, 1Ah
rol     eax, 1Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 897245B4h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 957BAC05h
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9BF7DDC1h
sub     eax, 0E2974FE1h
rol     eax, 1Ah
sub     eax, 7F4AA406h
xor     eax, 0CCFCCF86h
sub     eax, 16D47E2Eh
ror     eax, 0Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 85D1308Dh
add     eax, 66BF4D4Eh
xor     eax, 0E700F6EBh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 4480685Dh
not     eax
ror     eax, 12h
ror     eax, 0Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 1Eh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 0FCBD43A4h
add     eax, 22A8CF7Eh
xor     eax, 7E52F286h
xor     eax, 1FD77D8Dh
ror     eax, 18h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
not     eax
add     eax, 9105444Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
not     eax
ror     eax, 8
add     eax, 0F64FFF87h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
xor     eax, 8FE83398h
add     eax, 4333D66Fh
rol     eax, 7
rol     eax, 1Ch
sub     eax, 7CCD12F9h
add     eax, 3EDBD79Ah
add     eax, 0DFE1F5FCh
xor     eax, 94BDA94Ch
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 7D264E65h
ror     eax, 13h
ror     eax, 1Dh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 10h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
ror     eax, 15h
add     eax, 0C65E668Ah
add     eax, 474AC57Ch
rol     eax, 18h
xor     eax, 0FFC40871h
sub     eax, 0B31056A6h
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
add     eax, 0E0E417DFh
sub     eax, 0B885D648h
sub     eax, 0F7580D2Bh
ror     eax, 0Fh
mov     ecx, eax
and     ecx, 0FF00FF00h
and     eax, 0FF00FFh
shl     eax, 8
shr     ecx, 8
or      eax, ecx
